{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0  
\i I was approached by a sickly looking youth at breakfast at the Backbone Caf\'e9, tall and thin with the most strikingly long fingers; he spoke with a lisp, and carried a small guitarron case, or so it looked. He asked if we could go for a walk and that he wanted to talk to me. The pathetic nature of the thing made me intrigued, and we walked up into the narrow paths in the mountains, above the great waterfall to the east of the town. 
\i0 \

\i \
He asked me what I knew about the mythology of his home. I told him I had been allowed to read the Hidden Press, and his face had a grim, pursed look. He told me that he and a group of his friends didn't adhere to what he called \'93the Mayor's doctrine\'94; it seems that even deism is an attractive prospect for a rebelling teenager. He kept picking grass and twisting it round his finger before flinging it so that it hovered in the wind, just for a second, like Da Vinci's copter. He said that a group of them wrote songs about the gods and kept them in secret. He seemed to believe that Loss was heading for something terrible, some distant apocalypse. He would not tell me his name, but said that he would play one for me, and let me record it, if I promised never to play it to anyone from the town. He was terrified; atheism was enforced rather strictly, as the recent Execution Venn showcase proves. \
\
It is a middling track, and his voice is reedy and indistinct; but a folk tradition, especially here, in a place were even the status quo I have not unpicked yet, is a thrilling development; it is an evolution of a culture before my eyes. A shame that it is in the hands of such a sad, scared child.\
\
N.B. He mentions Vladimir Propp. Perhaps the town library is not as poorly stocked as I first believed it to be? Where do they receive these shipments of books from? }