{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Oannes knows how such a report as this was rejected, but I was allowed into the town against the best wishes of Mr. Light. It all seemed to sprout from my attraction to his daughter \'96 he cannot deny that she is a beauty, at least by the local troglodytic standards. A waifish neck, long hair cleaner than most, the most stunning skin beneath her eyes, no tiredness. And moody too, much like her father, but with a pout that I cannot resist.\
\
\pard\pardeftab709

\f1 \cf0 I will take such mistakes; I will not use the name for long. \
\
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0 \cf0 A true joke; he is a gravedigger, one who constantly smells of earth and the onions of that earth. However, I have seen some of the people here wearing small caskets on their foreheads and strapped to the wrists like watches.\
\
Merely my measurements. \
\
\pard\pardeftab709

\f1 \cf0 So grandiose! A man who loves words like a wall, or a umbrella to keep out rain. I loathe him more and more.\
\
\pard\pardeftab709

\f0 \cf0 As I was soon to find out, this consultation was of a rather thorough variety; Mr. Lights is the lover of the Mayor, and seems to bend his ear in whatever way he can. There is a rather Greek brashness about their love; hungry kisses between two ugly men in public are never attractive. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Not up to scratch, it seems.\
\
Everywhere this proliferation of English! And completely accentless, with little hoarseness so often found in alpine folk; when I speak of accents, it has not the dull whitter of a London English, but a true lack of intonation and vowel excitement beyond the very basic sounds themselves. An isolate dullness. They try to repeat my own accent like mixing spring water in an oil-spill, and I must be careful not to generate a creole.  Their ethnicity, at first glance and without phrenology seems mainly Nordic Caucasian, though the wide brows and flat nasals bring to mind Linnaeus\'92 Asiaticus or the burly Mongoloid. The women are pappish and long-nippled, though shy to the point of aggression, whereas the men seem complacent, lazy, and sneering in the manner of the Afer. \
\
I have seen these since, often hidden in a grove of trees or behind a flint wall leading to farmland. Their purpose cannot be for the cooking of food, as one can see fishbones within, mingling alongside streaked cushions of ash. I have noticed, however, that they are never placed before a Mother Kiln, but trail behind, cast like fat children. \
\
To this day I only know that the library and the town hall were truly habitable; the others I never saw entered, though occasionally men in smocks would open hatches in their side to remove hammers, or cloth, or long poles. \
\
Why does the love of the Mayor live apart from him? \
\
\pard\pardeftab709

\f1 \cf0 Apparently the obsession with height rather than width in the architecture of the town is to do with a concept known as \'93Ancient Lights\'94; I have heard it mentioned many times but have as yet to uncover its significance. I will attempt to find some literature on the subject and compose an essay when I find the time. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Reminder: The Hidden Press\
\
At the time I was unaware that they were to be my flatmates.\
\
I had been led to believe it was January when I arrived here; there was ice on the sea, and the sailors wore greased jackets. But now they tell me it is the height of summer, and the weather is certainly of that season. They tell it is maybe June, or August, here. I do not think they know. I will continue with my own dates, but I do not think that I have passed far enough from Greenwich. I see no clocks, or watches. \
\
}