{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 3D Inv}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://0D59FC7D-0DC0-46DB-9E7F-5E15F4AE666D"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Planning}}{\f1\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 entory Of Objects}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - This can include minor objects, of no importance to the plot (or seemingly no importance).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - Perhaps a digital representation of the gas mask, with audio running if left for hours, or \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93equipped\u8221\'94.\~      }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - They exist within a frame of reference, as museum objects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - They are 3D-modelled, and can be opened, toyed with, taken apart, and manipulated at will. Writing still remains at the heart of this, and they are not part of the inventory, but rather parts of the text.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - These are not easily integrated into Jonathan, but perhaps can be created with another company (who created the David Eagleman app) and integrated somehow. Elements should also be considered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - They can be manipulated and opened, not just rotated. If they are hosted on a separate site, this may be useful, fiction-wise. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - A potential problem may be bugs in different browsers. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Audio Recordings}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - These can be from people in the town, the Eremite, the other employees of the Widsith, or many other sources, which can perhaps be downloaded to the desktop. Piracy is not really an issue here, as they do not mean much outside the game world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - This will include original music, that may be performed live by the Loss Town Band, and also available separately. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - They can be collated, compared, and also manipulated - some tracks may have secret parts, or reveal something. We should not underestimate the persistence of some users. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Musical Notation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - Musical Notation, when played along to, can reveal other pieces of music, or be downloaded for covers which may unlock something within the game world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Video Recordings}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - These will be less frequent, but may be used by the Widsith Institute to communicate with their staff or for staff members to record messages to each other. This may include use of Skype, or something similar. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Illustration}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - I like a variety of different styles, and while the main use will be with the Eremite (I was thinking something along the lines of Chris Riddell) this also encompasses maps, woodcuts, paintings, illuminations, sketches, and many others, in many differing styles. These are embedded into the text.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - Paul believes that we move away from illustration into the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93found object\u8221\'94 style. I do agree that we should move away from cartoons, but sketching is still important.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Animation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - This is not something about which I have a huge opinion, but it may be something to think about and use ourselves. I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see an immediate application for it, however. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Photography}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - Most of it is vintage photography, taken by the Eremite, and becomes the sole visual evidence of the town. Much of this is edited and censored, and his role as photographer is discussed at length.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Interconnected Sites And Links}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - A sense of isolation on the web seems contrary to this project, but }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 must }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 be achieved. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - The site contains most of the narrative, but for some parts it would be good to set up basic, linkable pages and other places of learning, perhaps to an internal wiki, written by staff members, that collates findings. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - If a piece of text is referred to later, it can be brought up immediately for perusal. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Hidden Function}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - This is a more mechanical function, utilising affordances of web technology to hide functions and content for the more determined reader. Codes, glitches, and secret digital \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93areas\u8221\'94 can all be shared by a superstitious underclass. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Public-Domain Footage And Audio}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - This is subject to copyright, but could be used to illustrate a wider remit of the Institute and create a sense of history.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Glossary, Appendices, Bibliography, Marginalia, Comments And Footnotes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - These all come under a similar headline. A medieval scatter-brain approach is used here, with drawings, and writings, spread apart. I must be careful to not, }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 House Of Leaves}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -style, break the flow of the work too much. However, }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 House Of Leaves }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 may have worked better with this modular approach! These can be notes from the Eremite, from other users, from the Institute, from townspeople, sketches, lists, equations, asides, bibliography (with fake and real books), glossary of terms, dictionary, and many others, to bring in this idea of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93an accumulation of ideas over time, with refinement\u8221\'94 of the Great Scrapbook tradition. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Source Collection}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - A meta-database of my influences and recommendations, separate from the work, but accessible from many points within it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Maps}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Maps need not be finished. They can overlap and contradict, be drawn by amateurs as well as professionals. They create a cone of time, pulling in other parts of the text, and codifying it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Maps come from official and unofficial sources, and link to the rest of the text. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Writing}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Infection charts and scales.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - There are, of course, almost limitless numbers of verbal artefacts that can be used; poetry, prose, diary entries, receipts, holy texts, lists, registers, notes, reviews, programmes, transcripts, lyrics, and many others. All should be used, but only }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 if it makes sense.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Online Communities}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - A forum may take on the name of the village, and other villages, laid to waste by disaster, disease and war. This is to honour them, to write about them and invent with kindness. We may initiate this process, but have no hand in it. The Widsith Institute will be the only connecting factor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Along with the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93internal wiki\u8221\'94 (a forum for users) we should encourage, but not directly influence, the spread of other forums. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Digital Musical Instruments}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Replications of musical instruments from Loss and the Eremite, that can be played to unlock new content, or merely for fun.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Note-Taking And Analysis}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - A tentative proposal to include in-game analysis that can be viewed by others. I think this may be best confined to external forums, but this idea of research is important to the experience.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Organic, Shifting Nature}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - The piece is never still, whether through manual intervention or programmed variation. Replacement, deletion; all of these pieces work together. But they are not time-dependent, or global; they depend on the player\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s progress, not their input.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - The question of why the Institute, or the work itself, is changing elements can create a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93versioned frenzy\u8221\'94, where previous versions of texts can be recorded and analyzed. Each change is important, though not obvious. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Diary/Journal Function}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - One\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s progress could be recorded automatically for a separately-viewable, perhaps purchaseable \u8220\'93book\u8221\'94 that shows a unique journey through the text, with the text (and art) included. This could be generated automatically, logged to a profile, and purchased at the end of the experience.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Loss Town Band}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - A real band, with musicians acting the parts of the town orchestra, ostensibly saved from the town and made to tour by an unscrupulous manager. Their music would be included in the app, and certain cross-overs would be made between them. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Physical Editions}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - I have talked about this briefly above, but the possibility arises for physical editions of the scrapbook, art books, music books, and other physical editions of the piece. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}