{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \strike \strikec0 K!K!K!
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - What do the K!K!K! Players wear to protect from the narrative? And how can one answer this question 
\fs24 \

\fs28 without the inherent triteness? They are writing their own history, and lying about it.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What does this name mean, and how does it relate to the game at large? WEED OUT THE WEAKNESSES.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \strikec0 Townspeople
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - How can the reaction of the townsfolk vary? They cannot ALL be hostile - there needs to be chinks of 
\fs24 \

\fs28 revelation. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What do they do in between his recordings? Can the narrator be subverted, and the audience allowed to 
\fs24 \

\fs28 trick him, to slip past his vigilance?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What happened to Gagging\'92s family?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Does the town crier have a connection to the outside world?\'a0                            
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Is the Mayor from outside. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What do they wear?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Why do they hate the sea?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Are they scared of all water?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What do they do at the birth of a child?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What are the motives of the chroniclers of Loss?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do they feel about fluids in their bodies?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What kind of hats do they wear?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What are the \'93stock poses that people adopt, and what are the unusual ones?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What about the people who all look the same?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Who is sleeping together?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What is underneath their clothes, or what do they 
\i think 
\i0 is under there?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Can we make masks?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do they react?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \strikec0 Mythology
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - How does the \'93great Man\'94 differ from ordinary man?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What would the first words be? A sneeze, \'93where is your face\'94, \'93who\'92s there\'94? Statement or question?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does Loss fit in with the world myth canon?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do they handle ancestors?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What does happen after death?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Heidegger - how does one become a being in the first place?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What is being is a worthy question. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Decay and being are very closely linked.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - A philosophy of decay.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - World disclosure - the Eremite has little reference for these objects, and the situations they are used in are wrong. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - It is almost as if the people of the town are playing as humans, just while he is there. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - But they are not aliens - are they constructs? They are other, but not alien. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He needs to analyse the world, not as a background, but the town as an entity. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Reflective disclosure - he tries to restructure his world, but he is resistant to it. The world needs to shift, for a key to be turned and tumblers to fall, to understand where he is and what is needed to react appropriately to what he sees.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \strikec0 Orchestra
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - Break down the orchestra - what is the best way to diagram this?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \strikec0 The Town
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0 \
- Where does the power come from?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do the missing buildings (and machinery) move, and run from him.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What do they drink from?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What is down the river? Do they go on a trip?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How many things need fixing in the town? Is this an impossible task?   
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What does the town use for cutlery and tableware? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Which trees and plants grow there? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What are the lives of the street cleaners like? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does the weather shape a people?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does geology form a landscape?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Have they found a way to exist without trade?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Who is the Apologist?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - People interacting with the things of the bestiary more - or perhaps not? Subtly they never actually interact with them, only he does? Cannot bring himself to lie? But does this mean that they definitely exist? Do they ever talk to each other? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How are humans represented in their art?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How into astrology are they? And does this explain their preoccupation with the sky? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Can we see how it looked before he was there? What he changed?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What are the dangers of walking around the town?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What structures are there?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Had missionaries come before?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Random death?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \strikec0 The Widsith Institute
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - How fractured are they?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How individual are they?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does the Institute control infection?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What happens when it goes wrong?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does interaction occur, due to the quarantine?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What happens when you sympathise within the corporate structure?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do you cut down on dissent.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Who are the management?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Why are they using disease?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Did they cause the bubonic plague?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What are the ambassadors called?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Were they late to the web, and do they prefer to work within the physical realm?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The ambassadors - how are they designed? What are their relationships to the sea?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Why does the institute play with its employees?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What happens if there are no employees left?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Do they recieve donations? Do they know where the donations arrive from. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Is there a form of \'93white man\'92s burden\'94? Does it come from Kipling. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does their office environment look?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do they isolate employees?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does their insurance policy work? Is it backwards, that if you don\'92t die from a disease you recieve a payout?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Phantom teams and "phantom efficiency" - what are these people really doing?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Where is his racism born from?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \strikec0 The Eremite
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0 \
- How do I refine his voice?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Are the gods the disease he brings? Is this too high-concept?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Does he want to protect the town from his employers in the end?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - A psychotherapy test for him?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Who came with him? Why did they leave?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Does he have no other ties to the town?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Is he projecting loss onto Loss?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Should the Fidget be called something more appropriate to their station?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What accidents happen in the village, and does he have to help?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Is he a missionary?\
- Are his creature merely \'93concepts\'94? A way to make larger points on subjects that are wrapped in a skin of creature, or architecture, or man?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \strikec0 Meta
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - Length and difficulty?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Can you go back and edit past content?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How can we make signing up less of a "real-world" chore?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Limited actions? Do we have a flat payout for access to the work? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Which emotions do we look at?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Is the end something to do with how society forms? What is the great mystery, here?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Can use hermeneutics and re-description to show something about the world at large. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The town stands for something - the strangeness must serve a purpose.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - A science fiction philosophical text, creating through blindness to fallibilism.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \strikec0 Disease
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - Why do we use smaller, colloquial names for disease?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How are pigs used for disease research?
\fs24 \strike0\striked0 \

\fs28 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\'a0                          
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\'a0                          
\fs24 \

\fs28      }