{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \strike \strikec0           
\b \ul \ulc0 Town
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \strikec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - Washing down the streets with vinegar. They keep barrels of it for just such an occasion?\'a0                                    
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - No looting, but money left on the counter. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Buried animals.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The people of Loss are never recorded.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A liasion in the cave.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - He tries to find a way to cut into the K!K!K! Pitch.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Seeing two figures in the distance - what are they doing?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A valley is the opposite of an island; an excess of land instead of a dearth, but the same isolating 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Build Eyam into it.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A conveyor of the ignorant. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Shapeshifting.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Everybody tries to own her.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Proximity and irritability is their birthright. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Black earth.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Their ancestors ate dirt (Aralu). 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Kitchen Witch
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The Hot Oil Witch
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - 
\f2\fs22 A woman looks like an old man with chicken legs from behind.
\f0  
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 \strikec0           -  A man with huge testicles
\f0  	
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \strikec0               - 
\f2 Bow tie denotes pathetic
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 \strikec0           - a society that cannot deal with death; they just do not know what to do with the bodies.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22           - the valley should not be entirely isolated - what comes from outside.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22           - Names are a pathetic attempt at labelling
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22           - Women are more evident in the day-to-day of the town.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22           - There needs to be violence, tortures, punishment - or does there?
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22           - The townspeople need to participate as well, but not too much.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22           - The church needs to be replanned
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22           - Ruins  
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22           - Grotesque incidents, not just observations
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0 - He visits a wedding - actually very simple, contrasting.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Groups of mismatche dpeople brought together by biology, awkwardly - a sweet observation
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \strikec0 Game Points
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0 \
- Returning to the Loss Hotel - how can one create a narrative \'93game\'94 from this?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A way to produce old-looking, archived websites? Arguments with service providers?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - How are groups pulled together - \'93task forces\'94? Are they random.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Differences become inherent, and self-reinforcing.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - An option to overlay every comment at once.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - An alternate keyboard where physical buttons pressed relate to other letters being pressed. This is part of a code that should be
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 deciphered, but with a light touch. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - You aren\'92t special, but this is powerful. \'93You Are Unnoticed, And You May Dig\'94.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A section which gets people to go outside
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Honesty Tracts - sanctioned, meta-truthfulness.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Climaxes instead of waypoints. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A EULA that is a clear as is possible, aliterate if possible. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Do the players have an inventory - very little to gain from their "job\'94. Do not get to keep anything. Like stealing office supplies. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Make it shorter and better - 60 hours for environment, not content. \'93Filler\'94 parts from Mass Effect 3
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Get the players to band together against oppressive bureaucracy.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A mythology establishes central tenets, and bends out from them under the weight of variation. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Not as grindy, not paying for actions.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Is the choice \'93physical\'94 or not? Do you narrate their choices, or allow them to live them? The former is very \'93Fallen London\'94.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - 
\f3 Real-world Wikipedia and IMDB entries - fake
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - 
\f3 API for sending documents in real-time
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f3\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0 - Big up the artefacts - their acquisition is important. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f3\fs28 - Minimise the revisiting of old pieces - this is not exciting
\f1\fs24 \

\f3\fs28 - All the notebook pieces are collated into a scrapbook?
\f1\fs24 \

\f3\fs28 - Build questionnaires into branding. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f3\fs28 - Field recordings of stranged birds in background instead of soundtrack, with filename mentioned. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f3\fs28 - Time-specific events?
\f1\fs24 \

\f3\fs28 - Documenting insects and their sounds - there must be a code in the sound. How do you render it in words? WeeeOOOOOOooooo.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \strikec0 Mythology
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0 \
- The black turkey with one tooth.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The low horse.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The Shaman as a monster.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - 
\f2\fs22 Drogio, Estotilands, Icaria, Frisland, St. Brendan, Brazil, Verde, Groclandt.
\f0  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A diagram going into a \'93great Man\'94.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \strikec0 Quotes And Words
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0 \
- \'93Everybody has the zip of breathing on record\'94.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - \'93Copyright @ the creator\'92s ancestors\'94.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A name: \'93Mamoet\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - \'93When they look at you they already know where all your organs are. They know what would happen if you died.\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - \'93Culture Of Charity As Industry\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - \'93Outsideness is the most popular factor in understanding\'94 Mikhail Bakhtin. You should not forget yourself within a culture, but should remain an outsider, to expose it truthfully. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - \'93Fish and fetish\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A man about to die: \'93I take it all back!\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - 
\f2\fs22 \'a0 \'93We treat the past like children.\'94
\f0  
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \strikec0 -  \'93
\f2 No, Go Smaller.\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22 - \'93Peskajumba.\'94 - Tom Waits
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22 - \'93We should create the value of things based upon their survivability.\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22 -  \'93My teeth are heavy\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22 - \'93It rings a bell, this tower\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs22 - \'93How does it feel (the wind) on your legs if you shave all the time?\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \strikec0 Artefacts
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - A rip on one side of the map, and then caverns leading from the rip on the other side. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A looped, six month recording with one change at a random point. Available constantly online. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Find the lowest decibel a human ear can hear.\'a0                                   
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The gaps where nothing is recorded. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - When he adds to the K!K!K! Map, things are not added in real life. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Gaseous clothing
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Layers to put on maps.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Tent has rents in it - view stars differently each time.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Kit list
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \strikec0 Architecture
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - Houses get thinner as people get thinner - Loss is palpable.\'a0                                  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Living architecture
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A hurricane factory.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The facades of buildings - in a way, admitting his imagination. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Ground plans. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \strikec0 Writing
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - Other voices, not just the Eremites. Direct quotation.    
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Modular letters.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - \'93Horror vacui\'94 and the need for complication.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The existence of a separate notebook.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A lack of invention - is it real or his own failing?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Contrast the expectation of unreliability with someone wither secretly reliable or who is marked as \'93honest\'94 to begin with. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Eremite is very comfortable with the strangeness. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Internal, progressive logic to the writing.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Bring in the elements of horror in the sentimental and humour.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - One page where everything has fallen to the bottom of the page?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The shapes of runes are the ways to progress through a story. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The drama at the end is not a big drama, but is important. It is not entirely hopeless. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - \'93Evidence\'94 instead of \'93storylets\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Sword-fighting manual
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - 
\f2\fs22 Exploration of burial practices, a running commentary
\f0  
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \strikec0 - New English slang
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0 - The language is called \'93New English\'94, \'93Retarded English\'94 etc.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \strikec0 The Institute
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0  - The OCD of someone who works in a \'93clean\'94 room.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28  - Add Sam as a character. On his website, does it say that he has disappeared, for a short time?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 -  No-one there is intelligent, but rather does what they are told. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Parallels to the town itself.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - \'93Super-spreaders\'94 - why are some more susceptible than others?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A variety of personal diseases.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Diseases that heighten mental outlook. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Corporate manoeuvring, photo manipulation - Stalinist tendencies.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - There is always another rung on the ladder.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Every company has its brown-nosers, careerists and endless no-hopers.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A gas mask for the entire country.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The tone of the Institute should be friendlier, the authority more hidden.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The signatures of the famous.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Testicles hooked up to machines.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The Institute is against the spreading of disease - its effect on one, alone, is more important.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Collectivism - pulling people together. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - It is a framework, and an important one, but not the main issue. It provides expansion and flex.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Little respect for the artefacts.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The Widsith Institute is like a beehive - hives of disease.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A liturgical calendar.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A feasability report (!) on evacuating the townspeople. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - ALEXIS - Tarots as internal memos?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - John Lewis - everybody has a stake.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Meritocracy - corporate environment with Dadaist achievements
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Rivalry between departments. They have meaningless names, and must be given other names by their employees. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A culture of texturing photographs - is this extensible? 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The Institute employs everybody in the world? 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Heraldry terminology to work with symptoms to create a unique language. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Charities are bound by a sense of rightfulness. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Charity muggers are part of this. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Bring Hamelin into it, and the Pied Piper
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Snorri - the first European born in North America. This becomes part of Institute lore - a mascot, of sorts. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - We are all equal in plague - a flat society.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - They do not treat their employees like idiots - they are well aware of the danger of their intelligence.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A maritime charity - related to the sea.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Three feet to avoid infection - all over the institute.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Acting as extra security at a gig for an in-game benefit.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Sending a cold in seasons across the Trust.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Do they cure all outside diseases before players join. They are told that \'93something will be introduced to the water supply\'94.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - \'93Fevered Nights\'94 - a quality
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - It is hard to sleep in the dormitories with all the groaning.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Players/employees hold onto things 
\i because
\i0  of their awareness of the transience of life. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Do not want to break out, but rather go further in. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The place is primarily absurd.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A designation for a long, dull digression, or epic story. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Lexicon designed to spoken by those in physical pain/illness.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Lots of imagery of the sea. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \strikec0 The Eremite
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - He shows them a fork. What represents the basic human procedure?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Entheogen - psychoactive substance used in a religious context.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - More use of his given name.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - They do not meet his expectations.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - He is a legend amongst Widsith staff.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - He is given to over-dramatics, but they come to nothing.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The CEO? This is all to get his work read?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - His confidence is a blessing an a curse. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The fragility of literary mortality. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - He mentions the \'93Wurm\'94 Ice Age. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - He does not want to take on any aspects of the culture. Recover from culture shock. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - He pulls out a very modern weapon?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - A ambiguous name, like Beowulf.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Prester John
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The Anchoress
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Means \'93of the desert\'94 - an aversion to the sea. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Paul Of Thebes
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Meant to help mankind
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Anchorage with a \'93squint\'94 - another way of viewing the Fidget\'92s work. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - No need to keep clean. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Vegetarianism important amongst them - or at least another form.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Ornamental hermits
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The shadow and presence of the photographer.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Reels of very similar photographs.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Deposits in the natural places that he finds.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - Seeded texts - essays of his on the language, animals, environments, other places he has been
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - He is vain, think that he is the cause of them all.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 - The feeling of being inside yourself despite the world.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \strikec0 Anthropology
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \strikec0 - Looking at the teeth is a shortcut to anthropology.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0 \cf0 \strikec0 - Special vocabulary for geographical features. 
\f1 \

\f0 - Inventing nonsense to satisfy anthropologists
\f1 \

\f0 - A culture of exchange - what does the anthropologist have to share?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0 - Pain makes you retreat inwards. \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \strikec0  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\'a0                                  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\
\
\
\
\'a0                                  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\'a0                                  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\'a0                                  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\'a0                                  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \'a0                                  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \strikec0 \
}