{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fprq2 Helvetica;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Town}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Washing down the streets with vinegar. They keep barrels of it for just such an occasion?\~                                    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - No looting, but money left on the counter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Buried animals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The people of Loss are never recorded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A liasion in the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He tries to find a way to cut into the K!K!K! Pitch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Seeing two figures in the distance - what are they doing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A valley is the opposite of an island; an excess of land instead of a dearth, but the same isolating }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Build Eyam into it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A conveyor of the ignorant. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Shapeshifting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Everybody tries to own her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Proximity and irritability is their birthright. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Black earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Their ancestors ate dirt (Aralu). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Kitchen Witch}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The Hot Oil Witch}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - }{\f1\fs22\b0\cf1 A woman looks like an old man with chicken legs from behind.}{\f0\fs22\b0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\cf1           -  A man with huge testicles}{\f0\fs22\b0\cf1  \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1               - }{\f1\fs22\b0\cf1 Bow tie denotes pathetic}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\cf1           - a society that cannot deal with death; they just do not know what to do with the bodies.}{\f0\fs22\b0\cf1  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1 \tab - How do they distinguish, limit and empower different groups? Are women really a separate group?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1 \tab - CIrculating women to keep different groups peaceful. He has disdain. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1 \tab - Aliterate because the press is broken? Is it his quest to fix it? Can the PLAYER help him? Find those parts in the background? Replace it in their mind\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s eye, change history, save the town retrospectively. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1 \tab - Tricksters are reconcilers - balancers in the tradition of myths as conflict resolution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1 \tab - This seems wrong - so what IS the binding role of a trickster? An outsider? He who is disliked and sees a situation in a different way?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1 \tab - A kinship system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1 \tab - The girls in the photographs are promised wives for everyone, outside the valley, once they leave, even women; the men are ugly here. Or are the women ugly?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1 \tab - A curse in the toilet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1 \tab - The names can be shortened to something strange, or signifying something different. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Game Points}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Returning to the Loss Hotel - how can one create a narrative \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 game\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  from this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A way to produce old-looking, archived websites? Arguments with service providers?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - How are groups pulled together - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 task forces\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 ? Are they random.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Differences become inherent, and self-reinforcing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - An option to overlay every comment at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - An alternate keyboard where physical buttons pressed relate to other letters being pressed. This is part of a code that should be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 deciphered, but with a light touch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - You aren\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 t special, but this is powerful. \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 You Are Unnoticed, And You May Dig\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A section which gets people to go outside}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Honesty Tracts - sanctioned, meta-truthfulness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Climaxes instead of waypoints. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A EULA that is a clear as is possible, aliterate if possible. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Do the players have an inventory - very little to gain from their "job\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 . Do not get to keep anything. Like stealing office supplies. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Make it shorter and better - 60 hours for environment, not content. \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Filler\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  parts from Mass Effect 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Get the players to band together against oppressive bureaucracy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A mythology establishes central tenets, and bends out from them under the weight of variation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Not as grindy, not paying for actions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Is the choice \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 physical\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  or not? Do you narrate their choices, or allow them to live them? The former is very \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Fallen London\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - }{\f2\fs28\b0\cf1 Real-world Wikipedia and IMDB entries - fake}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - }{\f2\fs28\b0\cf1 API for sending documents in real-time}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\cf1 - Big up the artefacts - their acquisition is important. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\cf1 - Minimise the revisiting of old pieces - this is not exciting}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\cf1 - All the notebook pieces are collated into a scrapbook?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\cf1 - Build questionnaires into branding. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\cf1 - Field recordings of stranged birds in background instead of soundtrack, with filename mentioned. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\cf1 - Time-specific events?}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Mythology}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The black turkey with one tooth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The low horse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The Shaman as a monster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - }{\f1\fs22\b0\cf1 Drogio, Estotilands, Icaria, Frisland, St. Brendan, Brazil, Verde, Groclandt.}{\f0\fs22\b0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Quotes And Words}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Everybody has the zip of breathing on record\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Copyright @ the creator\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s ancestors\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A name: \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Mamoet\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 When they look at you they already know where all your organs are. They know what would happen if you died.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Culture Of Charity As Industry\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Outsideness is the most popular factor in understanding\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  Mikhail Bakhtin. You should not forget yourself within a culture, but should remain an outsider, to expose it truthfully. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Fish and fetish\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A man about to die: \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 I take it all back!\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - }{\f1\fs22\b0\cf1 \~ \hich\f1 \ldblquote \loch\f1 We treat the past like children.\hich\f1 \rdblquote \loch\f1 }{\f0\fs22\b0\cf1  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1 -  \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs22\b0\cf1 No, Go Smaller.\hich\f1 \rdblquote \loch\f1 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\cf1 - \hich\f1 \ldblquote \loch\f1 Peskajumba.\hich\f1 \rdblquote \loch\f1  - Tom Waits}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\cf1 - \hich\f1 \ldblquote \loch\f1 We should create the value of things based upon their survivability.\hich\f1 \rdblquote \loch\f1 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\cf1 \hich\f1 \ldblquote \loch\f1 Some thing is most wrong with the stars\hich\f1 \rdblquote \loch\f1 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\cf1 \hich\f1 \ldblquote \loch\f1 FOur red monks carrying a black goat across the snow to nowhere}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\cf1 - \hich\f1 \ldblquote \loch\f1 }{\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 It rings a bell, this tower\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Artefacts}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A rip on one side of the map, and then caverns leading from the rip on the other side. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A looped, six month recording with one change at a random point. Available constantly online. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Find the lowest decibel a human ear can hear.\~                                   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The gaps where nothing is recorded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - When he adds to the K!K!K! Map, things are not added in real life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Gaseous clothing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Angel\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s Meat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A painting from a previous Fidget?}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Architecture}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Houses get thinner as people get thinner - Loss is palpable.\~                                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Living architecture}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A hurricane factory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The facades of buildings - in a way, admitting his imagination. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Ground plans. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Writing}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Other voices, not just the Eremites. Direct quotation.    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Modular letters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Horror vacui\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  and the need for complication.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The existence of a separate notebook.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A lack of invention - is it real or his own failing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Contrast the expectation of unreliability with someone wither secretly reliable or who is marked as \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 honest\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  to begin with. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Eremite is very comfortable with the strangeness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Internal, progressive logic to the writing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Bring in the elements of horror in the sentimental and humour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - One page where everything has fallen to the bottom of the page?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The shapes of runes are the ways to progress through a story. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The drama at the end is not a big drama, but is important. It is not entirely hopeless. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Evidence\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  instead of \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 storylets\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Sword-fighting manual}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - }{\f1\fs22\b0\cf1 Exploration of burial practices, a running commentary}{\f0\fs22\b0\cf1  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b0\cf1 - Lacunose/lacuna: a gap in the text.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The map needs to be illustrate - what was his geographical and physical process in making it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Garamound as a typeface}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Far more fragmentary - break it up. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 The Institute}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - The OCD of someone who works in a \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 clean\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Add Sam as a character. On his website, does it say that he has disappeared, for a short time?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 -  No-one there is intelligent, but rather does what they are told. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Parallels to the town itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Super-spreaders\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  - why are some more susceptible than others?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A variety of personal diseases.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Diseases that heighten mental outlook. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Corporate manoeuvring, photo manipulation - Stalinist tendencies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - There is always another rung on the ladder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Every company has its brown-nosers, careerists and endless no-hopers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A gas mask for the entire country.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The tone of the Institute should be friendlier, the authority more hidden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The signatures of the famous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Testicles hooked up to machines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The Institute is against the spreading of disease - its effect on one, alone, is more important.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Collectivism - pulling people together. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - It is a framework, and an important one, but not the main issue. It provides expansion and flex.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Little respect for the artefacts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The Widsith Institute is like a beehive - hives of disease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A liturgical calendar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A feasability report (!) on evacuating the townspeople. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - ALEXIS - Tarots as internal memos?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - John Lewis - everybody has a stake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Meritocracy - corporate environment with Dadaist achievements}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Rivalry between departments. They have meaningless names, and must be given other names by their employees. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A culture of texturing photographs - is this extensible? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The Institute employs everybody in the world? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Heraldry terminology to work with symptoms to create a unique language. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Charities are bound by a sense of rightfulness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Charity muggers are part of this. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Bring Hamelin into it, and the Pied Piper}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Snorri - the first European born in North America. This becomes part of Institute lore - a mascot, of sorts. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - We are all equal in plague - a flat society.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - They do not treat their employees like idiots - they are well aware of the danger of their intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A maritime charity - related to the sea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Three feet to avoid infection - all over the institute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Acting as extra security at a gig for an in-game benefit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Sending a cold in seasons across the Trust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Do they cure all outside diseases before players join. They are told that \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 something will be introduced to the water supply\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Fevered Nights\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  - a quality}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - It is hard to sleep in the dormitories with all the groaning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Players/employees hold onto things }{\f0\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 because}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  of their awareness of the transience of life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Do not want to break out, but rather go further in. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The place is primarily absurd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - A designation for a long, dull digression, or epic story. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Lexicon designed to spoken by those in physical pain/illness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Lots of imagery of the sea. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Actual characters}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 The Eremite}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - He shows them a fork. What represents the basic human procedure?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Entheogen - psychoactive substance used in a religious context.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - More use of his given name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - They do not meet his expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - He is a legend amongst Widsith staff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - He is given to over-dramatics, but they come to nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The CEO? This is all to get his work read?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - His confidence is a blessing an a curse. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The fragility of literary mortality. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - He mentions the \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Wurm\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  Ice Age. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - He does not want to take on any aspects of the culture. Recover from culture shock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - He pulls out a very modern weapon?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - A ambiguous name, like Beowulf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Prester John}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The Anchoress}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Means \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 of the desert\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  - an aversion to the sea. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Paul Of Thebes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Meant to help mankind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Anchorage with a \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 squint\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  - another way of viewing the Fidget\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s work. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - No need to keep clean. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Vegetarianism important amongst them - or at least another form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Ornamental hermits}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - What does he transgress? Does he realise it? What are his limit-experiences?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Videos as promotion - camera pointing backwards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - His lust is too great - a folly. But is just lust, or dominance? He does not even have a great lust. Does he experience sexual problems? }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Anthropology}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Looking at the teeth is a shortcut to anthropology.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Special vocabulary for geographical features. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Inventing nonsense to satisfy anthropologists}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - A culture of exchange - what does the anthropologist have to share?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Pain makes you retreat inwards. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Taking an A,B,C,D approach to documenting familial ties. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Binary approach within myth - a lsieght of hand to see the two polarities resolved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - He never actually mentions the colour of their skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Drop Innis Tile in there somewhere. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 That\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  Oera Linda Book}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Great travels within a small area. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~                                  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~                                  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~                                  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~                                  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~                                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~                                  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \line }}