{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Actual Construction
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \
We have a hub with a general progression towards completion, as well as a built-in API for talking to other websites. Puzzles will be both complex and simple, challenging as well as courting player expectations whilst creating the uncanny, 
\i not 
\i0 frustration. I do not wish to incur content debt - make sure that things are planned out before you embark upon them, or at least that you have the time to embark upon them. The platform, low-tech and widely available, now, as Jordan Mechner says, makes sense in a way it has not for a long time. Game forms come back in a different skin, to address different issues. Here, adventure and inventory court the 
\i lack 
\i0 of adventure, the armchair tradition that the Institute \'93employees\'94 fulfil. We will need to watch for feature creep, and keep a focus on a tight schedule. We cannot be too precious with features, and will need to work out the time and blocking inherent in planning and implementing features. HTML 5 and cross-compiling will make the web a platform all its own in the coming years.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul The Work Itself
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone There will be an unlimited (theoretically) greater mythology, that is expansive but not spoiling. The order in which people progress matters little, though \'93strong\'94 and \'93weak\'94 paths will exist. There will be a series of templates into which I put content. The UI of the work will be a consistent, custom corporate one, a literal \'93frame\'94 around which to view the work. These are pieces that have already happened, though the system changes them as we go. A player will unlock more as they progress, and will encounter no gimmicks; everything they find will serve the story. Story can be more important than gameplay, at points, and vice versa - the pendulum swings as you go.
\fs24 \

\fs28 This is ergodic literature. Traversing the text is not trivial, and includes the rules for its own use that exist outside of ordinary literary contexts. However, I am not sure that there are ways to be \'93successful\'94 or not in traversing the text, any more than there in any literature. Content and comprehension are the processes of success. Navigating the experience comes from intuition and learning. There needs to be a mix of the two, with perhaps surprises periodically. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 Counterintuitiveness does not have to be a punishment, as it can be in games; it can provide new ways of interaction. Naive users especially will find everything novel, but looking at who will view this work, other users must be accounted for as well, with separate personal histories of experience. One always experiences the interface before the work, and natural and unnatural mapping plays a definite role in shaping the experience. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 Affordances can play a large role, circumventing expectations. An object\'92s perceived affordances could be treated as actual, and experimentation can be rewarded.  
\fs24 \

\fs28 Rewards are not marked, but exist within an environment of possibility; you are not sure what you will recieve, but you will recieve something. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 Steering is important for players, but with subtlety, and with breadth for exploration - \'93ineffable exploration\'94 that occurs in a book. Allowing to impress themselves upon the game world are important, as well. There is a way to present a story but allow you to be the director of certain types of experiences. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 The MUD is a certain comparison - a way to shut off personalities and inhabit others for a while. Socialiser, Achievers, Explorer, Killer, all are there to self-discover and fulfil roles. There is a sense of presence rather than just communication. The opaqueness of the world is what attracts the price - it is a lucky dip, where you take the statistics and mechanics on faith. You won\'92t be paying any more, and so you do not need to know what is coming. The mystery would be maddening if you were continually paying for a distant 
\i denouement
\i0 . 
\fs24 \

\fs28 The work should never be afraid of its medium. Control is easy to keep with the player, but not with the web.   
\fs24 \

\fs28 A game is not a puzzle - puzzles are static, games change with the player\'92s actions. Opposition, roleplaying, resource, goals, management and diversity make a game. The toy does not make the game either - the player\'92s interaction with the toy is the most important thing. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 Interaction is not interesting, but meaningful decisions. Decisions relating to the game state 
\i at that moment and weighing it against resources and opposition. 
\i0 Goals are as good as victory conditions. Struggle and survival are the keys here. The management of resources creates meaning in their decisions beyond \'93black\'94 and \'93white\'94. Decisions need to be brought up in every part, and, as has been said, made meaningful with variety. Resources are used via tokens, and both must be managed to be successful. Enough information to make a sensible decision, sometimes.   
\fs24 \

\fs28 Non-exclusive goals lead to diplomacy, but it should never rest. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 The unexpected and random is useful, if not over-used. Identification should be clear - what\'92s your position? What should you be worrying about?   
\fs24 \

\fs28 A balance between role-playing and power fantasy. Roleplaying CAN be conducted on one\'92s own. Calling it a performance implies that there is no inherent value of play in roleplaying, that is only for an audience\'92s benefit. This is wrong. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 Games should encourage socialisation. Narrative tension should build, and not anti-climax. \
However, repetition and grind has its place, economically and narratively. There should be a distinction between individual events and grind events. However, the more repetitive elements are more generic and more game-like; this does, however, remove a creation burden. A simple, valued progression, with failure mechanics that are not too harsh and differentiation in rewards, is where one will find balance. \
Stat raises should be smaller, 1-20 instead of 1-200. This makes each level-up more meaningful, and more desired. \
Levelled, scaleable content removes a sense of agency. \
Do not put vital information in blocks of text, because it will be missed! Unless, of course, one wants it to be missed. \
The engine, an the appetite of the audience, are also important. The ludic element is essential. \
We should refer to interactivity and experience rather than a \'93game\'94 when talking to Random House - they are not in the business of creating games. \
Push-storytelling not just \'93push the button\'94.\
Audiences are the Anti-Smaug - resources grow to large amounts so that the particulars of a large hoard become meaningless. \
HIMBL- Hierarchical  Immediately Meaningful Bling - structure, and layered qualities and trophies that increase and upgrade as you continue. Qualities have relationships between them, and the player should spend more than gold. Reward may be bad, and punishment may be good. However, how far to we want to numerate abstract qualities? Does this improve them. At what point do we have to say \'93let\'92s try and make the player feel a chunk of this, rather than giving them 10 feelings of hopelessness\'94.\
It is the designer\'92s fault if players just grind the less interesting content!\
The game is looking to be 2 months long, with skill progressions from 1-25, as compacting works better. A pacing wheel (see below) is in place at every other skill level. A higher-level option is usually easier. Progress qualities lead to ways to buy storylets, and transient awards such as currency. Skills increase as a result. Skills do not have to increase at the same point all the time. \
Guarantee that they always have something to look at. \
Unlocks are important, and structure progressions. The main portion of the Miasma content, however, should be discovered, not unlocked, and clicked to share with friends.  \
Qualities should be treated with parsimony.\
Departmental flavour leads to a storybeat followed by a token.\
A 500 word limit has been imposed on storylets. \
Monetisation occurs only on the corporate side. \
\
TYPES OF MECHANIC APPROACH:\
In general, a storylet generate qualities, which in turn lead to more storylets.\

\b \
Highway
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 The simplest, a standard progression from A to B to C. However, new content is not visible to most people in this model if they are at different points, and there is little reason to return to content if you are further ahead. This is simplistic, and unrewarding is any sense other than a narrative one. \
\

\b Carousel\

\b0 One completes a certain number of A objectives, to open up B, a wider vista, which in terms leads to C. A way to level content with more choice and agency, with a more elegant \'93unpacking\'94 mechanic than the Highway approach. It values qualities far more highly, and offers a choice to progress, or whether to remain at the current level.\
\

\b Pacing Wheel\

\b0 Initial costs and variations in the start of a progression leads to a standardised \'93middle\'94 section, followed by a number of outcomes.\
\

\b Grandfather Clock\

\b0 A objectives have a certain value, one of the \'93minute hand\'94. B objectives have an \'93hour hand\'94 quality. Chaining and combining them to produce new \'93times\'94 adds a degree of hierarchy and choice, while keeping the less valuable As relevant, and promoting replay. The final objective, C, is more important and only played once. \
\

\b Midnight Staircase\

\b0 This is much like a cross between the Highway, and the Grandfather Clock. An increasing scale of resource qualities provides tempting spending opportunities along the way, and costs increase the further one goes. At the top is the best spending opportunity, but the staircase assumes that players will spend and reclimb the staircase several times before reaching the top. \
\

\b Access Codes\

\b0 These allow alternate ways into a text, with intriguing ways to guide players to certain parts of content and to tell their friends. A puzzle inserted here provides even greater intrigue. These are often used in ARGs, though it is not clear when you have solved a problem. Part of this problem is that it is not a well-bounded experience. We have decided, I think, that real-world gigs is the boundary of this experience.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\
\
}