{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Disease
\b0 \ulnone \
\
A positive particle requires a negative substrate.\
\
CO2 has a removable bond between the carbon and one oxygen. \
\
THE DISEASE HAS TO BE A PARTICULATE OR A GAS.\
\
Viruses\
Bacteria\
Fungi\
Protozoa\
Multi-cellular parasites\
Prions\
\
No symptoms for a while.\
\
Bad food, objects, inhalations, vector objects\
\
Health allows them to travel.\
\
\'93You have overwhelmed me with all your waves\'94\
\
\'93You have taken from me my closest friends, and made me repulsive to them\'94\
You have taken from me friend and neigbour - darkness is my closest friend. \
Job - test by god - an Eremite?\
\
\
Explosive diarrhoea is to find new hosts.\
\

\b \ul Combatting The Disease
\b0 \ulnone \

\b \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\i\b0 \cf0 \ulnone Mop suits -
\i0  at different levels of protection. \
Filled with: charcoal, sponges.\
Ornamentation: a starfish design. \
Much like a plague doctor. \
Alternate design - a hood with two hoses hanging to the floor. \
Sponges at the end? A calcified mess\
\

\i The Eremite wonders from which holes his body will exude the disease.
\i0 \

\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\i0\b \cf0 \ul The Gas Mask
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\i0 \cf0 A gas mask that extends down the throat. \
An acid-soaked bag\
Rapid development. \
Charcoal - a common component, oxidised wood, a high surface area - can be burnt to restore it.\
Coconuts, chestnuts, horse-chestnuts, peach stones - collected from the people in the town.\
Tailored resin - toxin bonding to it.\
Breathe out when putting it on.\
Challenge Agents - Camphor, banana flavourant.\
Stacks of Banana Angel Delight\
A drinking straw\
The filter itself must be protected. \
Rubber degrades.\
Filter soaks up chemcials which becomes harmful.\
Where are the filters? What do the inhibit?\
Absorption - the illness filters out of the CO2.\
If the glass shatters, the wearer is blinded.\
Usually a military device - what is its providence?\
What is in the filter?\
\

\b \ul Historical Plagues
\b0 \ulnone \

\b \ul \

\b0 \ulnone Plague Of Justinian\
Influenza\
Smallpox\
Spanish Flu\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\i \cf0 Pestmeester
\i0  - plague doctor in Dutch.\
Usually poor doctors - public servants \
They do not touch, and wear wax overcoats. Much like he cannot touch. How the nature of touch changes an epidemic.\
Recorders rather than helpers.  \
They took the pulse and took off clothes with a stick. \
\
Fined for this - negotiations of payment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 Protected by:
\b0 \
Amber \
Storax\
Myrrh\
Cloves\
Laudanum\
Camphor\
Rose Petals\
\
Nostradamus, Giovanni De Ventura, Niall O Glacain, Paracelsus - all plague doctors. But no need to drive it home - give it to\
the players to find for themselves.\
\
Became a commedia dell\'92arte character.\
Long quarantine, live in isolation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\i \cf0 Yersinia Pestis
\i0 \
\
China was the source of the plague of Justinian, the emperor who caught the disease but survived - was he the first Eremite?It\
stopped the Romans. He taxed living neighbours for their dead compatriots. \
\
Saxons did not talk about the plague.\
\
25 million people died. \
\
The next epidemic was the Black Death. \
\
Medicinal Cannibalism\
Apoplexy\
\'93The King\'92s Drops\'94 - human skull in alcohol\
Usnea - moss over the skull\
\
Spanish Flu\
Influenza afflicting healthy young people, not the old and infirm. \
Spread to the Arctic\
50-130 millon victims\
Over a quarter of the world\'92s population was infected.\
Cytokine Storm - made the immune system over-react in healthier, more robust immune systems. \
Media blackouts to affect morale.\
War increased transmission\
Andrew Price-Smith - changed the war. \
Modern transportation systems.\
No-one knows where it originated.\
Case-Fatality Ratio\
Tafari Makonnen (Haile Selaissie) contracted the disease but survived. \
Nosebleeds, stomach, intestines\
Edema/Dropsy: \
The severely ill travelled, because of the war, back home, \
\
HOW IS A COMMUNITY AFFECTED?\
Leave orders outside\
Steam shovel and buried without coffins\
Western Samoa - 90% were infected. \
Marajo - island in Amazon Delta, only place not affected.\
Becomes less lethal with time, to increase the number of living hosts. \
\'93Forgotten Pandemic\'94\
The war deflected the deaths, limited media coverage, rapid disappearance, an \'93extension of the war\'92s tragedies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0 \cf0 Exclusively a disease of human beings. \
\
\
Disease was seen as god incarnate, or at least God\'92s will. \
By accepting disease (the gods) they return to their true form - but they do not want to. They have been decaying, into mongoloids - but is this the fever-dream of the Eremite?\
Look more at the witchdoctor, in all of this. \
Loss fails to spread the disease - it does not travel. \
Work on the symptoms - what do the gods want?\
\
Gods 
\b bring 
\b0 disease but are not usually disease itself. \
\
Nosoi, Pestis, Lues, Morbus, Tabes, Macies\
\
Buffy Coat - white blood cells but an item?\
\

\b \ul Humorism
\b0 \ulnone \

\b \ul \

\b0 \ulnone  Phlegm, yellow bile, black bile, blood.\
Cambium - humor.\
Change is caused by vapors absorbed. \
The Institute tries to incorporate every medical theory into their work. \
Juice, sap, flavour. \
Dyscrasia - sounds like disgrace. Humors imbalanced\
Eucrasia - balanced humors\
\
Usually the miasmata came from locales, not people. He is a mobile miasma. \
Paan - gambir paste - stop the miasma. \
\
Nebula in Latin. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\i \cf0 Suspicions About The Hidden Realities Of The Air
\i0 \
Effuvia\
\
Poisonous breath of swamp creatures.\
\
Insect waste - dead air. \
\
Edwin Chadwick - \'93All Smell Is Disease\'94\
\
John Snow - anti-Miasma\
William Farr - pro-Miasma\
\
Farr admitted after Snow\'92s death that the theory was wrong based on statistics.\
\
Zymote - zymotic disease - fermenting disease\
\
Rotting vegetation spreads the disease. \
\
Cold air spread disease. \
\
Antoine Bechamp - immortal germs make up humans, not cells. Bacteria grew from here. \
\
All of this ties into the gods quite nicely. \
\
\
Can take centuries to identify a new pathogen. \
\
- sometimes no animal models\
- Existing theories\
- Some harmless organisms look like diseases.\
\
Such a messy process of trial and error.\
\
Draw a phylogenetic tree?\
\
They are transferring what amounts to a meme - a bad way of doing something. He is transmitting culture to them. \
\
Memes = remembrance\
Horizontal transmission\
Imitation is a clear pattern here. \
The spread of his ideas and actions.\
Like scared pigeons around a room. \
Between parents and children - what is the relationship like, there? Proselytism\
\
\'93Great pox\'94 - syphilis\
26
\fs16 \super th
\fs24 \nosupersub  October 1977 - last case of naturally occurring smallpox\
Alastrim\
Rinderpest - the name of another fidget? One related to cows? \
Sheets of blisters\
Turbid, opalescent tissue debris\
Vaccine comes from 
\i vacca 
\i0 - cow\
Material from a cowpox lesion to vaccinate.\
Vaccinia virus - where did it come from? \
Wireless disease inoculation - piercing the skin is so primitive. \'93Nothing should cut us\'94\
Clades - a group of organisms derived from a common ancestor. \
Divergence dates\
Comes from a rodent virus\
An evolution of this disease\
Not the worst, or the most virulent, but what differentiates it?\
More about his illnesses, his biological tics and features, his coughs and spews\
Sopona, Sitala Mata - deities of smallpox\
The Book Of Smallpox and Measles\
 Henry Bedson - head of disease resaerch at the university of Birmingham, committed suicide after Janet Parker, a medical photographer, contracted the disease and died. \
Smallpox scabs tucked in an envelope in a book. \
So many great people hid the scars \
Lincoln was quarantined with smallpox shortly after the Gettysburg address. \
A broom moves the disease along\
Stalin had scars - used photo-retouching to cover it up. \
The colour red can treat smallpox - draw the blood up to meet its fellows. Not sure about this. \
Erythema - redness of the skin\
Secret history - Procopius\
Everyone was made ugly by illness - how did this change things?\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 \ulnone \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}