{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The Teenage Moon - venerated, the vessel, the Elysium, and hated by the young.\
\
How does it compare to other civilisations.\
\
Why Sigurd? The comfort of Nordics - they look like their gods. Other races do not. \
\
All religions are products of chance and stupidity. \
\
Sympathetic magic - emulating, fetishising, a childish simulacrum\
\
Sympathetic magic is at work in the Institute. \
\
\'93Poppet\'94 instead of puppet.\
\
Their version of English comes without cultural inspirations - what is the cut-off point?\
\
Consecrating or re-enacting. \
\
Trance states, dark caves, paintings. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\i \cf0 Participation Mystique 
\i0 - no concept of the individual in the deep past. \
\
More of the role of the Mayor as a dying king.\
\
Mortification\
\
Jokes and popular beliefs.\
\
Artifact, describable or transmissible entity (oral), culture, behaviour (rituals)\
\
Folklore it is not, as it is the DOMINANT BELIEF STRUCTURE - no diversion from this. \
\
The folklore comes from the young, or the old? The young are staid, the old want something better?\
\
Urban legends, gossip, ethnic stereotype. \
\
Serves as cultural validation, and to assert social pressures.\
\
Blason Populaire - stereotypes. \
\
Wandering Jew \
\
Ashaver - a fool\
\
Cain only ever scavenges, never produces. \
\
Machus - struck Jesus or derided him. \
\
Kenosis - emptying oneself. \
\

\b \ul \ulc0 Religion and Myth
\b0 \ulnone \

\b \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone Myths are stories that explore rather than explain. \
Absolutely no mention of women in their mythology.\
Myth becomes distinctly biological, and to do with dirt.\
Theological maps\
A food that perfectly represents the cosmos - fat?\
A Widsith diet plan? Seeing if this works? A fad?\
\
A table of proto-graph in the mythology? \
Or indeed a full graph on the part of the Eremite.\
Accident and mishap is the nature of myth, which always seems to take the most convoluted route to reach the status quo. \
The splitting of gods - amoeba\
Often somebody becomes the father of mankind after mankind has already been born. Adoption is culturally basic.\
A go-between, or is the shaman the furthest removed from the gods? Causes disease or death.\
\
Charms and other things to ensure parts of life go on.\
\
Philosophy - what do I want to say?\
The gradual revelation of landscapes\
Sentient animals\
Add one element to an existing animal.\
Everyday and eternal meet\
The world relies on an infinite resource\
Qawwali for the music of Loss\
Repeating utterances\
What body percussion?\
What features?\
Wailing, Wayle, a scholar of the music? Is he the manager? A character? Wayling? A sense of transcendance.\
What music is this? What is its role?\
\
Contacting the Sporots - he makes this error, the Institute picks up on it\
Love, Fortune, Happiness\
Tricksters\
Animal Idols\
Mythical Beasts\
Painting The Story\
Universal Creatures\
Death And The Underworld\
Sacred Sites\
End Of The World\
Creation Of The World\
The Cosmos\
Sun And Moon\
Making Humankind\
Supremem Beings\
Floods And Storms\
The Elements\
The Natural World\
Fertility and Birth\
Children Of The Gods\
Ancestor Worship\
Evil Forces\
Superheroes\
Divine Weapons\
Gods Of War\
\
Hagiography - study of saints\
Religion doesn\'92t need to have a \'93use\'94, anthropologically; what is it for, then? \
\
Text solidifies ideas. \
}