{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Anthropology is more holistic and detailed. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Not interested in universals, but specifics. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Do anthropologists have a duty to intervene?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Division along tool types - internal to Loss?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Do not explain that these people were employed by the Institute or its corrolaries - too easy. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Marco Polo, John of Plano Carpini, Abu Rayhan Biruni, Ibn Khaldun, 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
A need to catalogue
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Are the people of Loss a disease? Are they natural? An anthropological theory.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Unilinealism and Diffusionism - societies develop in the same/different ways.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Loss is odd in that it is a post-industrial society that does not wish to talk about itself. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 John Of Plano Carpini
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone Entered the court of Great Khan
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
(1182 - 1252)
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Companion of Francis of Assissi. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\
Concerned with listing \ul cultural items
\fs24 \ulnone \

\fs28 Part of a Diplomatic mission sent by the Pope. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Met Batu the Khan.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Tode to Mongolia. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\'93Big river whose name we do not know\'94. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Died of the hardships of his journey.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
===
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Often a marginalised area, without as much funding as others. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Lloyd Fallers
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Clifford Geertz
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Julian Steward 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Leslie White
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Less fieldwork, more book learnin\'92
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Eric Wolf
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\i \cf0 Europe And People Without History
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 Heidegger
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Derrida
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Anthropology is explicited tied to the military.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Project Camelot
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Ulf Hannerz
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\i \cf0 Exploring The City
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 Beyond every day
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Social movements, research, development, how to treat the disease, and how he will not help
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Torres Strait Islanders visited by anthropologists. Margaret Lawrie visited and recorded their stories - a \'93good\'94 anthropologist, opposed to the Institute?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Alfred Haddon came before. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\i \cf0 Terra Nullius 
\i0  - This is No-One\'92s Land
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\fs28 \cf0 \
E.B Tylor - cultural evolutionism - universal basis for all societies and religions - does Loss disprove this? Not sure. Reintroduced the term \'93animism\'94 as the basis of all religions.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Anthropology as reform
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Trying to find the societal, developmental \'93sweet spot?\'94
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Poor health sparked travel, and therefore anthropology. This is the basis of the Institute. It redirects the life. (E.B. Tylor never travelled again after that first trip to Mexico). Primtive culture are not devolved, merely uneducated, and cumulation of knowledge is the way forward. This has not helped Loss, however. Customs should be left behind as \'93baggage\'94 and new ones adopted - Tylor\'92s \'93survivals\'94, vestiges of old, useless customs - Loss has them in spades. Similar to \'93meme\'94. Religion is a survival. Modern religion is not advanced, but excludes scientific explanation in order to preserve this \'93survival\'94
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Is climate change affecting them?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Project Camelot - Causes of conflicts between national groups. 1964-5 U.S. Army. In order to arm indigenous groups. Exposed in the media. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Crysanthemum and the sword came from social research into why Japan had attacked the U.S.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Marco Polo\'92s father left before he was born for a trip around Europe. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Set free a Tartar slave in his will - travelled from Asia, linked to the Institute? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Dictated in prison - a desperate attempt to fulfill his bargain.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Trapped by the Khan in China
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Two-year voyage - of two hundred only eighteen survived. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Meme - a unit of cultural value
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Analogous to genes
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Mimeme
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Always many attempts to discredit writers. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Some did not travel widely - used books 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
The story of two messengers, the story of the waxing and waning moon, the story of the serpent and his cast skin, the story of the banana. 
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 Their version of English comes without cultural inspirations - what is the cut-off point?\
\
Is there this social over-arching? Are they right?\
\
Participant observation - immersing yourself in a culture.\
\
What is protected and kept backstage?\
\
Discrepancies between what they believe happens and what does happen.\
\
Self-analysis\
\
Life-histories\
\
Social interactions are not necessarily indicative of a social structure. What if these people do not really know each other? What if they have been caught in a room together, and are acting as if they know each other to avoid embarrassment? \
\
Cultural relativism - no absolutes or ruling guidelines when it comes to societies; they can evolve in any way, easily ridiculously. \
Also a way to dismiss racial stereotyping and profiling. \
No 
\i a priori
\i0  experiences.\
A reaction to Western ethnocentrism - what happens when it is encountered elsewhere? Does the Eremite start to pity them, but reinforce the stereotypes of ethnocentricity after a while, and become a ridiculous figure, a clown wandering through this disaster of his own making. \
Language is a way to categorise experience, not just communicate ideas. \
Do some of the Fidgets stay away from culture, to remain ethno-neutral.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 "What power resides in the object given that causes its recipient to pay it back?"\
\
The gift that is not reciptrocated cannot exist as it does not create social ties\
\
They fight against microscopic organisms - usually very clean, becoming dirtier in the town?\
\
We can give free gifts without realising that they are gifts, or that they are being given. An invisible gift. \
\uc0\u8232 Griaule criticized for misrepresenting myth of the Dogon people. \
\
Is the religious text a facsimile?\
\
Dogon people are a comparable source. \
\
Ritual separation. \
\
Genital multilation? How to figure this? \
\
Stick with the qualities of life rather than qualities of history\
\
Fieldwork should not alter the environment\
\
Most anthropologists have been warriors. \
\
Deep Play: A game with stakes so high no rational person engage in it. Is K!K!K! A deep play?\
\
Thick description - not just describing the behaviour, but the context as well - \'93tell don\'92t show\'94 - the opposite of \'93good\'94 writing. Are fiction and anthropology opposed. Should the outside be made aware, or is it better to leave them outside ?\
\
How do taboos form? Are they part of meme theory? \
\
Between memes and not - an autonomy of mind that responds selectively and chaotically to transmitted and disseminated stimuli.\
\
Plano Carpini died as a result of his travels\
\
Tightly bandaged to endure the rigours of travel. \
\
Pass between two flames to burn off bad thoughts - the Eremit efeels nothing\
\
\'93A big river whose name we do not know\'94\
\
What had he eaten as he travelled\
\
Did he have a travelling companion? Why was he left behind?\
\
More about the sailors that he travelled with. \
\
The book of the piece transliterates everything for readers who do not wish to do it themselves, who want something of the experience in book form\
\
Can you play it apart from all of the forum talk and workings out? Would it be as fun? \
\
Look at the traditional tenets of anthropology - puberty rites, festivals, funerals, births, marriage, war, ceremony, dance etc. How would this develop differently? What can be added to it, or changed?\
\
Using one\'92s flimsy authorityu in comments - both on imgur and in pompeii graffiti; it is universal. A desire to raise oneself above the mass in any situation. \
\
Types of graph?\
\
\'93Knew the creator by contemplation of the creature. \
\
Was John Mandeville a Fidget? Too far back. \
\
Archaisms - \'93maugre\'94 - few, \'93briddes\'94 - birds, wrot, tellith, maervilles\
\
The lengthy titles\
\
How far into this tradition does he want to go?\
\
\'93To teach you the way out of England to Constantinople.\'94\
\
He needs to describe the journey a little more. \
\
What does this multi-faceted \'93ports of light\'94 approach \ul do\ulnone , in a modern piece? \
\
There are many ways to Loss. Such generalities!\
\
\'93You will come to Bulgaria, and a stone bridge.\
\
Olive, cedar, palm and cyprus - a puzzle involving these?\
\
Smell of rot and the body.\
\
A way to teach random facts to people. \
\
Wholly wood?\
\
Their names need work - too prescriptive.\
\
Why do these things protect against such a wide variety?\
\
Why would these people live here?\
\
Hermogene\
\
Strange occurences and diggings up\
\
How does he factor all of them? Does his lie run away with him? \
\
Seeking a formal structure of a society, or an evolutionary, specific/general relational structure. \
\
Technology defines society, which defines ideology, and therefore technology defines culture.\
\
Technology \'93solves the problem of survival\'94\
\
What if the problem was not survival? If you knew that you would live? How would you structure your society? Would it make you better humans? \
\
Rates of death/birth\
\
A fastidious cataloguing of the town.\
\
All the Miasma stuff plugs in - you have something that you can wade through at the end, but not link to: once you discover it and have signed up, it becomes tied to your account. You can share the pages, but they do not become meaningful right away? Is this too restrictive? \
\
Energy capture and retention is what defines a society as successful. \
\
Energy of muscles - animals - plants - natural resources - nuclear energy - ?\
\
P = ET (cultural development = energy x efficiency of use)\
\
Technology is all that matters? Is more energy the solution? Or have they passed nuclear? Are there buried reactors underground? Are they a theme park of humans? A museum?\
\
Are they ultimately efficient? \
\
Deconstruction - can everything in Loss escape this duality? Isn\'92t this duality what forms life? SHOULD we get rid of it?\
\
Values, society, discourse etc. Comes from a web of things meaningless alone, and only given meaning in comparison to others. Derrida tries to fight against this, to expose the oppositions (joined like angry twins), separate them, and create new terms that cannot be joined in the same manner. \
\
\'93Mark\'94 instead of language - everything is meaningful. Pre-linguistic\
\
He is looking for an absolute meaning rather than a relational one. \
\
In comparison to what has come before and after as well - both diachronic and synchronic\
\
Indeterminacy of translation - how can you tell what a word is, where it is broken etc. Without knowledge of the language first?\
\
Training in other disciplines\
\
Archaeology\
\
Are they even a community? Are they drawn from across the world? The forgotten? The shunned? The stupid? \
\
Cranial measurements - several as they get more ill. He does not do it properly\
\
What role do genetics play?\
\
Mouth shapes for the tachygraph\
\
The tachygraph  NEEDS to be stranger.\
\
A go-between with the townspeople - is this Friend?\
\
Are they his teachers? He acts the other way around.\
\
The Escutcheon - a coat of arms\
\
Did the Institute own the Ogden Land Company?\
\
A Victorian legacy - a more modern approach to deep-seated superiority - an individual one. \
\
A web name - it extends out like a flow diagram.\
\
Monogenesis\
\
Not Latinate-based\
\
Somebody\'92s path through their house\
\
Not an autistic cataloguing, but an attempt to frame his experience.\
\
A disposition is where one stands publicly, not ones internal presence\
\
Symbolic violence - imposing dominant disposition on the dominant, who then come to see them as \'93correct\'94\
\
We are creating life here.\
\
Symbolic capital and violence - for the game?\
\
Symbolic violence against the young - or the old?\
\\\
Observing disagreements from the outside\
\
Gait, dress, accent\
\
How does the school transfer transgression?\
\
Transgression becomes the 
\i status quo
\i0 .\
\
The young try to destroy it.\
\
\
	 }