{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 - The Eremite\'92s writings? A nicely produced anthropological document of some of the other places he has been? \
- I think, in comparison to the work, it has to be a little more sumptuous - straight text just won\'92t work.\
- A straight novel? From the perspective of the Eremite? I\'92m not sure this will be very interesting. You are buying into a world, and it undermines the perspectives of the main project. To have a third-person narration would undermine the world\'92s establishment, and first-person is too similar to the main document. \
- The work of the Institute? A wider world?\
- The diary of another Eremite? Sam North? Following the other Eremite?\
- I would like it to be able to stand on its own, but to be able to gain more from it if you follow the story. \
- Codes from it unlock additional content, not necessary, but \
- But the Kindle market etc. Will I be shutting these guys out?\
- Written by a hidden character?\
- A collection of new folk tales?\
- Well, what about an app on iPad? Or are they keen for low-cost tie-in? If so, I\'92m not sure that this project is the right thing. \
- A philosophy text? What would the point of a new book be? Just to make more money? It has to 
\i mean 
\i0 something, and not just exist because the project might be successful and therefore it 
\i can 
\i0 exist. }