{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\cf1 This is all preliminary, but I think fairer considering the time outlay that I believe will be required on my part throughout the project:}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Sign Contract: }{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Start Of October}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 As well as being when my rent is due, this gives a month to come up with a very solid contract, with work beginning immediately. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Phase 1 (Writing And Planning): }{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 October-Christmas (Extendable)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Looking at how much needs to be done, with not just the Miasma content but the structuring of the office content, marketing, the music, photography etc. (please see separate }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://D5728F02-4D95-4A8D-A65B-135213C44D68"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 list}}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 ) I think that three months of full-time work on this is reasonable, if still a little optimistic. I can work like the clappers if I need to, but I have felt that there has been an underestimation of how much the text needs to be expanded, reconfigured, and in parts rewritten for this format. I can see this extending into January or Feburary, but the only break I am taking in this time is from 13}{\f0\fs18\b0\super\cf1 th}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 -20}{\f0\fs18\b0\super\cf1 th}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  October, and it is essentially a working holiday, so I will still be available and writing, if interspersed by bike rides and swimming. To be pessimistic, let us say that this period extends to the start of Feburary, which is five months to prepare all of the initial marketing, write up all of the Miasma content, create the art/3D models, produce the music and recordings, set up the bulk of the initial office content, and be ready for the next phase.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Phase 2 (Rolling Out): }{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Feburary-March/April}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 This is in line with your initial plan, with a month of promotion, and user engagement, with me writing new stuff if needed, looking at trends, and engaging with readers and other outlets. A month is not a very long time, especially for something that is quite slow-burning like this, so what would you say to two months? I know Alexus may think this is too long, however. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Phase 3 (Extending The Content): }{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 March/April-May/June}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 I think a further two months of writing new content and integrating it into the initial system, as well as drilling down and resolving story arcs and other loose ends, might take a little more than two months, but I am hoping that the workflow will be by that point streamlined and take less time administratively. Around this time I think, if it is going well, we should start thinking about the accompanying book. Waiting till then will peak more interest and reach more players, but still be in the early stages (meaning that most people will still be engaging with this world). Perhaps it could come a little earlier, but I think time-wise there will be more time to write it in the summer. This also spreads out payment for me, which I like. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Phase 4 (?): }{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 June/July Onwards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 If I am honest, I do not have a clear idea of what will happen after this initial period. It may be that the project is completely self-contained, and we find a way to archive it so that it does not require hundreds of active players to be fun for others (This is something that I think is key to the project as a whole). It may be that we continue to add content, in a way that extends the experience, or start something in the same universe but with an entirely different format and narrative. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not sure. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 I think my main opposition comes from the statement that after Phase 2 I will not have a lot of input, and therefore payment only needs to reflect 6 months work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The initial phase will run to nearly this amount any way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - From what Alexis has said, most of the content creation and implementation will be by me alone, and so I will be doing this throughout every phase. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Any extension that takes place will require extra work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - I do understand that this is extending into an unknown. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 I believe that: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 a) payment needs to accurately reflect the amount of work over the amount of time I will be doing it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 B) Make provisions for if things are delayed, work overruns, etc. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 With these factors in place, work can continue until the point that we reach that unknown, at which point a further contract can be drafted to cover work that is created in the light of any success this project has I.e. Drastically extending content. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 It also should be said that some of this content will not be makeable by me: it would be good to bring an artist on board who can help me with it. This is something that will need to be talked about for the contract. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1}