{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Best graphics are a player\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s imagination. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Disability? Text descriptions read by mellifluous voice actors?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Letters look like animals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A lack of imagination amongst primitives}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Their language based around hatred of the sea - sibilance is evil, here, too, as it sounds like the waves?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The weapon letters - only used for insults? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Later letters, for modern things? What is their genealogy and history? Where did these \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93conveniences\u8221\'94 come from?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Sound? How many uses of feedback are there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Dale/Vale/Coombe/Coomb/Coon/Kloof}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 What sediment does it deposit?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Muggy - regulates temperature with humidity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Is it a hanging valley?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Interested in those animals which shape their world - as celebrants of mysteries, those animals which they cannot see are even more important.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Giving animals human attributes which are desirable. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 We do this to this day. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Animals from outside the valley drawn incorrectly - she calls him an elephant - is this figured in the bestiary? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Downsteam - a mythical place of death and hell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Upstream - the font of knowledge - they are the filters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Minerology, botany, medicine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 THey can only describe it as being parts of animals they had seen, or already factored - how can this change? Describe as one thing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 An x+y=z approach - what can things be combined with? A sense of entrenched immutability, or exciting experimentation?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 All societies are information societies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A fictional framework in which they can place themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Media is a way to mediate human relations, anthropologically}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 So little direct experience of cannibalism happening - a barely believable threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Eating of infected brain tissue - the spreading of prions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Choice, complicity, consequence: Emotional, moral, mechanical, strategic, personally expressive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 What other kinds of choice are there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Necessary, unnecessary, binary, illusory, multiple-choice, veiled, open, gamble, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Complicity - the immediate dramatic reward of making a choice. The agency that is lacking in other media. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Consequence - immediate, or reverberated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just use consequence. The others are important as well. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Bestiaries had primarily an English audience. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The bestiary taken out by many hands - why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 If it is not to moralise, what is it for? To instruct, to lie, to console, to entertain, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 SHOULD the animals be symbolic?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to fool people - create an alternative, a richness, a texture. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 How close do those without science look at the outside world?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Books are random-access - the web even more so. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Short narratives - how can I use this to my advantage? The limited set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 How many endings?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 How many paths?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Visualisations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 How can we do this? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Reference books are random access}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Hopscotch approach}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Spatial representation is much better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 First ending is a dire one. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Bring in player psychology as to who will choose which page. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Directed graph}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Can you go back? Cannot do that in adventure books. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Win the story - find the best ending. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Endings in the age of Mass Effect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Diverging paths before returning to the main one. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The addition of vernacular detail to scenes from history. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93watchers\u8221\'94 at the periphery of the painting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Crowd-source the artwork as it is too expensive to produce outselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Holding animals - do they hold at arm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s length? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A crusader? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Titillation  - religious scenes (pagan) provide a chance to paint nudes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Spiral designs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 People ragging on books - they are looking at it in the wrong way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A description of the coat of arms - not like anything that they have seen before. Where have they recieved this tradition from? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Comparisons of poems }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Book of Darrow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Names for the Hermits}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Eremite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Hermit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Ornament}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Fidgets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Ambassador}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Emissary}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Pilgrim}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Peregrines}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Desert Father}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Cenobite - no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Anchore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Anchorite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Poustinik}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Larvae}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ]Iron}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Herald}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have names, only where they come from. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Something to do with flies? They need to be protected - or are they protectors}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The Crutches - carrying everyone to the sea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 River Fathers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Vulgates}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Decrepit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Do they have \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93children\u8221\'94 in the structure of the Institute}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The visibility of the land around you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 What does a valley as opposed to islands? What does it do to the psychology}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Finite State Machine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Territory, spheres of influence, scenarios}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Stylised paintings of people - like musical instruments. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The distribution of water is very important - they never wash. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Concrete looks like it was created by too perfect a race - not us. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 They get their ideas, ways of speaking, and political persuasion from ephemera that float down the mountain. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 In a valley, nothing can blow away. An island and peak - moves everything away, nothing stays for too long. A new landscape; a valley is an old one. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Bonding through adversity - have the players set back, puzzle together, and then overcome}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Make a tighter experience at the beginning, with the possibility of opening out this world}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 How to make sharing more viable}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 They are like bards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Olive, cedar, palm, cyprus puzzle}}