{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A valley seals in decay. Wherever the eyes look, there is only rock, joined to the earth by its entirety. It disallows expansion, keeping a civilisation, drawn there by thirst and fear of the outside, hemmed in and unable to move in the way that is intended. Light is either trapped or does not penetrate, and nothing on the flat is illuminated for observation. It is only the slopes, and the promise of escape. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, this does make some people feel safe. Nothing comes to the valley, because of its high walls, they think. We are safe. Unfortunately, you cannot tell water that it cannot come to dinner. It bought that flat sog that would become the valley, many histories before you thought a spine was possible. It laid down roots, it drilled and sucked, and brought a little oxygen to the rock. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 THE SEA \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 > the sea is the conclusion of all water. No matter how clean the spring, it will gather up everything it can, and hurtle downhill, under hill, through bridge, sometimes put to sleep for the journey in great silvery dormitories. This progressions means the end of all that has gone before. The sea means death, change, fear, and the unknown. The people of the town fear the sea for its exposure to the gods, its emptiness, and the idea that one is sent there to die, right at the borders of life. For the young, and for the Eremite, the sea is a customs house for transformation; into a sailor, an adventurer. For those who are too old, be they an entire people or just one person, the sea is a wall against which you are pushed. It affords you a glimpse of what you are promised; blue, infinity; and rings it tarnished with other, worldly things; flies on seaweed, the tiny dicks of worms, crabs upturned to be loved by seagulls. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Everything wants to go to entropy - the valley catches the refuse, defies that wish.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A valley breeds out all knowledge or remembrance of the sea. It contains the least sky, the least water, often, of any landscape. It holds tradition and history like a clam on seaweed, ways of doing things, people in a false aristocracy. Where good breeding means the loneliest people one can imagine.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}