{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf1 MIASMA CONTENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Unified Features}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 OPEN WEBSITES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The Miasma content consists of open websites - no sign-up is required, no login or password, to view them. This means that these pages are shareable openly between everyone. However, the URLs should be obfuscated, and not obvious, but contain some logic behind them, so that a }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 very }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 determined player can work out their provenance, and find others that way. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 VARIED CONTENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The scope of each should be }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 varied}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 : some should be small, Tchotchkes of text or genera interest, some can seem minor but instead be very important, some are merely flavour, some are puzzles and connect directly to the game, and others are puzzles of text, as in any piece of writing. The object\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 affordances}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , both perceived and actual, should be tinkered with to produce the correct result. Everything ties into the game, or references it, and clues should swing both back and forth. If we have time, we will expand into representing information in other ways, yet obscuring or at least making it multi-interpretation: graphs, diagrams, tables, and other quantifications of data.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 FUEL FOR DISCUSSION}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 These pieces draw people into the world, and their obscurity and interpretative nature means that they will drive discussion as well, further fuelled by sharing and dispersal. They will pull people into the game, as well.}{\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 VARIED MECHANICS AND FUNCTIONALITY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 As well as being readable and manipulable, some of the objects will have hidden or non-obvious functionality (especially the 3D models), such as time-based puzzles, hidden areas or mechanics, codes, glitches, quizzes and other pieces. This will drive further collaboration to solve pieces, and unlock their function. Some pieces may have more than one function, and may relate to more than one part of the story.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 UNIFIED DESIGN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Each piece, within the fiction, belongs to the Widsith Institute, and so this should be represented on each piece by a logo, or a small piece of text at the bottom of each page. These should link to the game or the Institute\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s website (which, I am feeling increasingly, should be one and the same. The design should be visually, aurally and tactically appealing, to draw players in to a \u8220\'93richness\u8221\'94 of world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 DISPERSED, EPHEMERAL NATURE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 As ergodic literature, it is vital that there is no one way to traverse the text, and that it is never trivial. Different ways of collating the text will result in different interpretations. Occasionally, text may be changed, though people may be warned of this, giving them a chance to conduct some form of version control.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 DRIVE TO ACQUIRE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Players should }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 want }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 these items. They have a use, a link to the world, a mystery, a physical appeal - everything about them should scream \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93take me, hold me, I matter to you. You should keep me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 TWO DATING SYSTEMS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Each piece of Miasma Content uses one of two systems - either the Eremite\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, or the Institute\u8217\'92s. Both are different codes, and work in different ways, and in most cases the latter edits out the former. They are usually meticulously dated, and while they relate to real chronological progression, in order to allow players some way into this system, both are significantly removed from it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Options For Construction}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 HTML 5 and WebGL, Photoshopped images, Youtube or custom video player for audio and video (reskinned to suit the feel of the world), Touchpress for 3D models.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Length}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 As per discussions, 25-30 pieces of Miasma Content is plenty for players to get their heads around. However, I am not sure if this should include all the straight text, as there is rather more of this. If each piece of text is no more than 500 words, then there will be significantly more than this - maybe as many as 50. However, the workload does not increase significantly, as much of this will be plain text with minor Photoshop work. The full list of Miasma Content, broken down into type, is to come. I do, however, not want to produce too much content, or on the reverse create too little. If a player spends 60 hours in the game I would like part of that to be spent soaking up the environment, not pursuing active, mechanical tasks that are merely \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93filler\u8221\'94, such as side-missions in videogames. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Features Of The Writing}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - He uses ligature to denote certain parts of the text. Ligature is used to evolve language, to make it more efficient but perhaps make less sense, and evolve symbologies of their own. They speed up writing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - He is part of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great Scrapbook\u8221\'94 tradition, in which he tries to frame his experience using other people\u8217\'92s work, stuck together by his own spittle, as if he were a bird who }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 needs }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 a nest. }}