{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red43\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf1 THE LOSS SURVIVOR\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92S CABAL ORCHESTRA}
\par\plain \f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Features}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 A Live Band}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Performers who represent the last survivors of the Loss Town Orchestra, brought into the real world to perform for reasons unknown. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Meta Concerns}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - At first, we will only have time to produce recorded music, after having hinted at the songs throughout the initial release of the project. Eventually, however, I would like to move on to live gigs, with a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93manager\u8221\'94 character called Wayle, who appears in the game and leaves the Institute to start organising gigs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - There will be clues for fans at the gigs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - They have to be petitioned to get people to perform the songs of the youth, in a ritualistic fashion, every time they gig. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Players may be able to act as security at a gig for an in-game benefit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Downloads}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The music, when available, is free to anyone who has spent any Nex on the game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Aesthetic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Smartly dressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - They wear masks, influenced by the artwork of the town. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Influences}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Qawwali }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Devotional, droning, very long, a trance state.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Body Percussion - }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Using oneself as an instrument. This ties into the mythology of town, and the representation of the townsfolk in art.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Repetition }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Ritualism is key here.}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf3
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1}