{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green117\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf1 AUDIO RECORDINGS}
\par\plain \f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Unified Features}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 VARIETY OF CONTENT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The recordings will vary in both quality and style, ranging from interviews, to songs, to field recordings, to speeches, to epistolary entries, to reminders, to other ephemera. They can either be embedded into Miasma Content that already exists, or stand on their own as a piece of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93evidence\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 NO DRM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 I think that, given that they are ostensibly free anyway, we should allow people to download these recordings in whatever format they choose. This allows them to distribute them, remix them, take them apart, and otherwise allows us to embed other puzzles into them. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 LOW BUDGET}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Given the low budget set aside for the Miasma Content, the audio recordings need to be kept short, low budget, and easily reproducible. This can usually be achieved by having them be of a low quality, with many aural artefacts. I may in fact buy some old audio equipment with which to record these sections, and conduct this independently of Random House, unless they can allocate some funds for it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 RESKINNED}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 We can use a standard player, but for little effort we can reskin it to make it look like a Widsith player, or even that belonging to the Eremite, a large musical \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93box.\u8221\'94 This could come within the game element.}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Potential Collaborators}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Loic Wall }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 -}{\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Sound editor and musician}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Paddy Johnston and Rob Gordon }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Musicians and sound editors}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Bethnal Green Studio }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Recording}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 The Band }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Charlotte, Jen, Paddy, Rob, Henry, Alex}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf3
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Features}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The townspeople speak in a certain way, related in his writing. On record, this is distorted somehow, into a high-pitched keening, or an extremely low register. Whatever we decide on, it should be very different from the Eremite when on record.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf3
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4}