{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green117\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs36 \cf0 AUDIO RECORDINGS\
\

\b Unified Features\
\

\fs28 VARIETY OF CONTENT\

\b0 The recordings will vary in both quality and style, ranging from interviews, to songs, to field recordings, to speeches, to epistolary entries, to reminders, to other ephemera. They can either be embedded into Miasma Content that already exists, or stand on their own as a piece of \'93evidence\'94.\
\

\b NO DRM\

\b0 I think that, given that they are ostensibly free anyway, we should allow people to download these recordings in whatever format they choose. This allows them to distribute them, remix them, take them apart, and otherwise allows us to embed other puzzles into them. 
\b \
\
LOW BUDGET\

\b0 Given the low budget set aside for the Miasma Content, the audio recordings need to be kept short, low budget, and easily reproducible. This can usually be achieved by having them be of a low quality, with many aural artefacts. I may in fact buy some old audio equipment with which to record these sections, and conduct this independently of Random House, unless they can allocate some funds for it. 
\b \
\
RESKINNED\

\b0 We can use a standard player, but for little effort we can reskin it to make it look like a Widsith player, or even that belonging to the Eremite, a large musical \'93box.\'94 This could come within the game element.
\b \

\fs36 \
Potential Collaborators\
\

\fs28 Loic Wall 
\b0 -
\b  
\b0 Sound editor and musician
\b \
Paddy Johnston and Rob Gordon 
\b0 - Musicians and sound editors\

\b Bethnal Green Studio 
\b0 - Recording\
\

\b\fs36 \cf2 To Do
\b0 \
\

\fs28 - Start designing the musical \'93box\'94.\cf0 \

\b \

\fs36 \cf3 To Research\

\b0 \

\fs28 Old recording equipment to buy\
Digitising analogue recordings\
Folk music traditions\
Reaper software}