{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\cf1 THE TOWN}
\par\plain \f0\fs36\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 General}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The town is an allegory for several things, including:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 1) itself;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 2) my own philosophy;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 3) The Institute (its diametric opposite).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - It is a community that has moved from an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93elevated\u8221\'94 state to a base state. Its absurdity contains a kind of honesty, in its adherence to literalist, dogmatic materialism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Unlike the reference in the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://87303DB0-DC77-45A3-B26D-0274E1058E99"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Kindle piece}}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 , its placement is entirely accidental, if symbolic. It sits on the great river, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That Whose Name We Do Not Know\u8221\'94, which filters ideas and ideology, like all valleys, but in a far more literal way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - They are most definitely NOT aliens. There have been plenty of hints that way so far. They are a society learning how to exist. They have }{\f0\fs28\b0\ul\ulc0\cf1 not}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  been there long. Embarrassment at knowing each other. Very few of them live together. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - They damn imported goods - people come and leave it in the valley. They are ideal to be the focus of a charity. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - They are like as children.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - It is a mystery as to how it can support itself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - They find it odd that humans group together for comfort - stand in groups, the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93barbeque philosophy\u8221\'94. Especially families, fathers and sons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Their \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93information society\u8221\'94 is broken. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The town is, in a way, a stage for the Eremite; he is presented with a very limited view of life there, despite his best efforts to be omnipresent and act as its surrogate deity. Is there a way for the audience to be aware of what is kept, as it were, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93backstage\u8221\'94 from him? This would obviously integrate into the OC initially, but would then be applicable to missing portions of the MC, and also the reader\u8217\'92s understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - They are decaying into mongoloids, having accepted the disease. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - It is an interesting question as to why they would live here - surely they could make a choice to live somewhere else? Outside of the valley? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The town stands for febrility biology and the fall of all ascension into mundanity and bodily needs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - There has to be a breach in the valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall of silence. How does information get in and out? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The town is }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 meant }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 to be a demonstration of how to progress society without changing it fundamentally.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The Execution Venn provides an interesting philosophical problem. One can choose to die without guilt or incrimination, and others can choose for themselves which category into which they will fit. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Water}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Fermentation vs. Distillation; the townsfolk are terrified of ideas sticking. However, given the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93stickiness\u8221\'94 of existence, this is impossible to avoid. The valley invites water to stay. Gravity is both their ally and hated foe, being what brought them from the heavens, but which also helps them }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 move }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 water. Water, funnily, would be the only thing that could wash away the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93ideas\u8221\'94 of which they speak. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The sea is a move to ascension, back to their past, and this is why they hate it. It also resembles Loss in information. But that information can be in the air around, and in fact becomes so. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Ritual is linked to cooking, fecundity, the earth and body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - They do not wash, and this leads them to believe that rot drives away the gods, when in fact it attracts them. Water in the earth needs to be dried out, and nobody is buried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - We are pushed from the center as we get older, to die - this is why they hate the sea - ends up in an old folk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s home by the sea - did not die, as they said?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - They are even scared of the fluids in their bodies. They never wash, and the distribution of water (for example, in the canals) is tightly controlled. They love the sound of it, but cannot attach it to the physical thing that they hate (when heard in isolation).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - They are called Loss because something is lost by their interference in the stream of information. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Dams are the interpretation of a river. Battle with them over generations. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - They never take their clothes off - they are the clothes that they were found in}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Women}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - I am not sure what women\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s role is, yet. I do want a Christian doctrine of original sin, a hatred for falling, nor a complete empowerment, ala Willdorf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Perhaps gender is not much of an issue, especially in a town which is peopled by strangers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - DEATH OF A FRIEND\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92S FATHER IS HER LOVER - they met together, and assumed that they were family. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Folklore}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Their relationship with folklore is different - how?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Their gods stand apart from this tradition - they cannot get them wet, lest they bond with the ideas and disappear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The statues are sealed diseases.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - As a people, they are dying. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - They have some relics of their descension, problems that they take for granted, such as the removal of buildings and the use of hidden machinery that he never sees. He thinks he hears them, but is told, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93it is only the ground you hear\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Nobody dreams in the town, and dreams are never described. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Were they washed down into the valley?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Nothing is buried, not even bodies - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93we will not be here long.\u8221\'94 They cannot leave anything behind. They have a cultural anxiety about always being ready to leave. This is so absurd, surely - just go! }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - They become the gods, with these diseases - as do the employees of the Institute. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Much ritual relies on the passage of time - it will sort itself out, one way or another, while the ritual is performed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The wisdom of their ancestors is false, and so it comes across piecemeal and full of error. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Their religion makes it sound as if they are aliens. They did not literally come down from the sky - where would they have come from, relating to the other peculiarities of the place?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - People in the town become smaller to become more energy-efficient. This, of course, brings them back towards the ideal of their gods. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Where do they go for rituals? Holes in the ground?}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Architecture And Geography}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The houses get thinner as the people get thinner, losing rooms and becoming grief-stricken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The big river whose name we do not know\u8221\'94 - the river is not named, and the reason for this must be forcibly hinted at. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The town is laid out to be a slowly-unwrapped revelation - which is strange, as they recieve no visitors, and must presumably all have explored it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The library is huge, but with only a small handful of adventure books in it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The picture of Abraham Lincoln in the Hotel is linked to the story about him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - That the facades of buildings are blank reveals the limits of his imagination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Their ruins are follies. Their states reflect a message. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Clothing And Stance}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The wearing of hideous organic material on the breast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 Yanki zuwari}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  - squatting japanese-style - is there a way of posing that is distinctly Lossian?}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Names}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Details}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Burning Resin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - They begin to tax neighbours for their dead compatriots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Someone in the town wears gas for clothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Mutilation of themselves and others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Things to consider - Puberty rites, festivals, funerals, births, marriage, war, ceremony, dance, gait, dress, accent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Ruins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Grotesque incidents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Who is sleeping together?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Power? Where do they get?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - How do the buildings and machinery move?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Where do they get their water?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Lots of things need fixing - an impossible task}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - What is down the river?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Cutlery?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Flora?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Language}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - What is their style of English called? New English? Retarded English? It comes without cultural aspiration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - The letters could look like animals, be closely-packed, atypical and alogical writing.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1     - Their language based around hatred of the sea - sibilance is evil, here, too, as it sounds like the waves?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1     - The weapon letters - only used for insults? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1     - Later letters, for modern things? What is their genealogy and history? Where did these \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93conveniences\u8221\'94 come from?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1     - Sound? How many uses of feedback are there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1     - Its morphemes - how can they be rendered?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1     - Pictograms -> ideograms - radical-radical compounds }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1    Bestiary}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1    - Grass Mud Horse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1    - Those animals which shape the world are most important, like the animals which they cannot see. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1    - The pages are stained and thumbed many times. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1    - They can only describe it as being parts of animals they had seen, or already factored - how can this change? Describe as one thing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1    - If it is not to moralise, what is it for? To instruct, to lie, to console, to entertain, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1    - SHOULD the animals be symbolic?}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 \tab Romance And Relationships}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - They do not really know each other, and are too embarrassed to say. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1}