{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs36 \cf0 WRITING
\fs24 \

\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 Unified Features
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\fs28 COMMENTARY
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 This is an overlain commentary from the initial Widsith Institute investigation, from before the player gets their hands on the Miasma Content. They have an official air, and refer to case notes, other pieces of evidence, the veracity of the claims, as well as sometimes providing hints for the player. 
\fs24 \

\b\fs28 \
DATING SYSTEM AND STAR MAPS
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 Each piece penned by the Eremite has its own dating system, as well as a bar of painting at the top of it, a diagram of the night sky when he was writing, as he only writes at night. These are part of his own calculations to try and place Loss somewhere within the world. This sits to the side of the star maps, like a seal, or perhaps on both sides. 
\fs24 \

\b\fs28 \
MARGINALIA
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 This is tied to the \'93Horror Vacui\'94 feature below, but the Eremite is quite fond of marginalia, and employs it often in his own work. He has a distinctive hand, and at times, others have got hold of his notebook, and added their own marginalia - they each have their own signifiers, hands and styles, to distinguish them. This is full of philosophical puzzles, as well as the main text. 
\fs24 \

\b\fs28 \
SEVERAL VOICES, ONE AUTHORITY
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 The Eremite is not the only voice here; townspeople speak also. He may have edited their words, but his words in turn are edited by the Institute, and theirs, therefore, is the only authority. He does use direct quotation, and the writings of others, but rarely, loving the sound of his own voice too much.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b HORROR VACUI
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 The Eremite fully embraces this quality; however, it is not so much fear that he feels, but compulsion based in this belief of the 
\i importance 
\i0 of his words. He must fill every surface he has because of his faith in posterity, and how his words will be pored over. The writing is densely packed, filling every available inch of page, in all directions. 
\fs24 \

\b\fs28 \
RUNIC SYSTEM
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 This is perhaps a future feature, but one that I would like to implement at an early stage. The Eremite has a series of runes that he uses to identify different parts of his work. At the moment, the secret behind these is that they stand for paths that can be taken through the story, but I would like to start implementing these and giving hints that they may be important at a future date. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b EMERGING OBSESSION
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 This refers to the eventual and growing number of chemical diagrams in the margins of the Eremite\'92s entries, as he tries to work out whether he has infected the town. These are nuanced, and grow almost imperceptibly in frequency and severity. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b LETTER ENLARGEMENT
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 Certain letters are enlarged in the text - there is a logic behind this. Which letters are important is tied not really to their type but their placement, in the island style. 
\fs24 \

\b\fs28 \

\b0\fs24 \

\b \
\

\b0 \
\

\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \

\b0 \ulnone \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}