{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\cf1 KINDLE BOOK}
\par\plain \f0\fs36\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 Features}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A series of pieces released through Random House Digital, on the Kindle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Despite having unconnected authors, and seemingly disparate subjects, they all relate to the project, and each contains a clue which unites them and unlocks something within the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - These need to be linked with the text directly, if not with links, but rewarding people who make these }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - In praise of the cow?}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 Quotes, Ideas And Concepts}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 -\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew the creator by contemplation of the creature.\u8221\'94 A treatise on religion and physiology.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The Ystoria Mongalorum is mentioned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burrowers And Burrows\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Looking at the teeth is a shortcut to anthropology. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - There is a lack of imagination amongst primitives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Concrete looks like it was created by too perfect a race; certainly not us. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A treatise on valleys, in general.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Study Of Herds\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Tabu}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Anthropology and good writing are opposed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Excerpts of reprinted \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93lost\u8221\'94 books.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Lincoln quarantined with smallpox after Gettysburg address - a story based on this? The devil comes to him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A long poem, with the rhyme scheme ABABCCB}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The Sulphur Eaters, by Payne: age is a narrowing-down of things to see and do. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Smell also directs the life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Treatment is a political action.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Juice, Sap, Flavour}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 -}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 Stalin had scars - photo-retouching}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - Saxons did not talk about plague. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - }{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Charms ensure parts of life go on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Adoption is culturally basic - become the father of mankind after mankind has started.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A treatise on resurrection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Something in a foreign language.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The physical defects of explorers and authors}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Cultural relativism - societies can evolve in any way, easily ridiculously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Include \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93tellith\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93maervilles\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - 26th October 1977 - the last case of smallpox. Something set on this night}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Blackletter, Fleetscript, Island Script}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Germanic Migration Period Animal Style 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Island script - large initial letters, lonely writing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A person is jugged on the White House lawn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Most anthropologists have been warriors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The physical defects of explorers and authors}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Illness Is A Cure For Creativity}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Every cry of fear is an admission of shame at not contributing to biomass. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b0\cf1 - A Herring and a Mite are shown on one of the Kindle pieces}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 E.G.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Yes, here and there some weary wanderer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 \~\~In that same city of tremendous night,\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Will }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.selfknowledge.com/102768.htm"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\ul\ulc0\cf1 understand}}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  the speech and }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.selfknowledge.com/35321.htm"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\ul\ulc0\cf1 feel}}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  a stir}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 \~\~Of fellowship in all-disastrous fight;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 "I suffer mute and }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.selfknowledge.com/56029.htm"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\ul\ulc0\cf1 lonely}}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 , yet another}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Uplifts his voice to let me }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.selfknowledge.com/53089.htm"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\ul\ulc0\cf1 know}}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  a brother}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 \~\~Travels the same wild paths though out of }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.selfknowledge.com/88281.htm"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\ul\ulc0\cf1 sight}}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 ."\~\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Treatise on island script.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Poor health sparked travel - to take the waters - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93it redirects the life, and far-off lands are dreamt of\u8221\'94. You cannot leave sickness at the door. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - How have they got hold of this }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Henry Wellcome features as a character. Rituals have a high degree of immobility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Pain makes you retreat inwards. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 -}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 Edwin Chadwick - all smell is disease}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 Everyone made ugly by disease - how did this change things in the past}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - Travelling}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - So many great people hid their scars}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - Haile Selaissie caught the disease, survived}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - Henry Bedson - commit suicide when a photographer caught smallpox and died}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Colum Cille - a writer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 In a nursing home by the beach}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Names for the Hermits}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Eremite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Hermit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Ornament}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Fidgets}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Ambassador}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Emissary}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Pilgrim}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Peregrines}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Desert Father}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Folly Town}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 3 feet away from everybody else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Cenobite - no}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Anchore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Anchorite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Poustinik}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Paul Of Thebes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Larvae}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Iron}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Herald}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Claude Levi-Strauss}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - }{\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 Justinian caught the plague- first Eremite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - Sopona, Sitala Mata - deities of smallpox}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - The book of smallpox and measles}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - 25 million dead}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Outsideness is the most popular factor in understanding\u8221\'94 Mikhail Bakhtin. You should not forget yourself within a culture, but should remain an outsider, to expose it truthfully. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - Stopped the Romans}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b0\cf1 Dale/Vale/Coombe/Coomb/Coon/Kloof}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\cf1 What sediment does it deposit?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\cf1 Muggy - regulates temperature with humidity.}
\par\plain \f2\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93A valley seals in decay. Wherever the eyes look, there is only rock, joined to the earth by its entirety. It disallows expansion, keeping a civilisation, drawn there by thirst and fear of the outside, hemmed in and unable to move in the way that is intended. Light is either trapped or does not penetrate, and nothing on the flat is illuminated for observation. It is only the slopes, and the promise of escape. }
\par\plain \f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 Of course, this does make some people feel safe. Nothing comes to the valley, because of its high walls, they think. We are safe. Unfortunately, you cannot tell water that it cannot come to dinner. It bought that flat sog that would become the valley, many histories before you thought a spine was possible. It laid down roots, it drilled and sucked, and brought a little oxygen to the rock. }
\par\plain \f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 THE SEA \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 > the sea is the conclusion of all water. No matter how clean the spring, it will gather up everything it can, and hurtle downhill, under hill, through bridge, sometimes put to sleep for the journey in great silvery dormitories. This progressions means the end of all that has gone before. The sea means death, change, fear, and the unknown. The people of the town fear the sea for its exposure to the gods, its emptiness, and the idea that one is sent there to die, right at the borders of life. For the young, and for the Eremite, the sea is a customs house for transformation; into a sailor, an adventurer. For those who are too old, be they an entire people or just one person, the sea is a wall against which you are pushed. It affords you a glimpse of what you are promised; blue, infinity; and rings it tarnished with other, worldly things; flies on seaweed, the tiny dicks of worms, crabs upturned to be loved by seagulls. }
\par\plain \f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 Everything wants to go to entropy - the valley catches the refuse, defies that wish.}
\par\plain \f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 A valley breeds out all knowledge or remembrance of the sea. It contains the least sky, the least water, often, of any landscape. It holds tradition and history like a clam on seaweed, ways of doing things, people in a false aristocracy. Where good breeding means the loneliest people one can imagine.}
\par\plain \f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 Its placement is never an accident.\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 In a valley, nothing can blow away. An island and peak - moves everything away, nothing stays for too long. A new landscape; a valley is an old one.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}