{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (Throughout this journal entry are streaks of dirt, tiny maps of mountain passes, sketches of streams and paths, as well as astrological calculations. One of these paths is labelled \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To Return\u8221\'94).}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab My left toe felt as if it was nearly severed at the root; my boots were nothing more than Greek wrappings, and I had used all of my balm yoghurt to colour the heat in my joints. My pack was heavy, my memorabilia falling to dust occasionally when I had not affixed them well enough. I had to leave Eligius' Throat next to the den of some warrening beast, to let it roll with forest lice and spiders, poisoning them forever now that it was free from its lead sheath. Jenny's pendant, also, gave me bad dreams in the hammock. They had both had their use. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The rock rose around me, filled with a marvellous Cretaceous sparkle; I had seen rock like that all over the world, but it was beautiful nonetheless. I had not worn my mask in days, having met no-one on the road, but the maps told me that the entrance to the valley was near, though I found no tracks, no depressions of carts or cattle, nor any shrine or signpost that would reveal my location. I was nervous of acquainting with others; I had only the furrowed recordings of my own voice and those of the hallooing sailors to keep me company, and even then I thought that the water had got to them, and the voices were warping worse; now they are gone completely, as if I had never taken that voyage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Looking at my maps it appears that I turned into a wide caldera burrowed into the mountains, filled with wildgrass and trees; the map shows tiny conifers that I have drawn, though they could have been of any order; I remember only their shade and the small lagoon dropped amongst them, the water springing from the surrounding rock as if Moses had passed. I lapped at the pool on my knees; the sea air had rubbed my hands and throat raw. I believe that I seated myself, unslung my Tarot harp and began to play. It was completely tuneless, though I managed to wrestle a short arpeggio from it, one that ended in a flourish that, I hoped, would stave off rain and make the sticky day pass swiftly into night. My food was all gone, and so I ate small berries that grew hanging over the water; they were earthy but sweet, the pits flabby and pink. There was no life that I could see in the pool, and it was a metallic blackness, the shade was so extreme; those three colours, the cordial, acid green of the foliage, the black of the water and the hideous white of that blistering road have stayed with me. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab At this point I heard voices, though to me they must not have been voices, but rather the sound of water pouring, or the creak of machinery, or the crunch of stone on stone. But voices they became, a man and a boy, speaking in halting Queen's English, about the weather of all things! It was like Gibraltar, and seeing a policeman patrolling in shorts for the first time, tugging on his hot war helmet. I quickly donned my mask, and turned to greet them; one lone literanaut against some void of high air. The sight I presented must have quite amazed them, as the man stood stock still, transfixed, whilst the boy screamed and ran back the way they had come. The man was tall and fair, wearing simple cloth garments with few adornments, and he possessed a rather impressive cleft palate, drool swinging pendulous under his chin as he stopped. There was a definite rumour of the endogamist about that palate. He hastily wiped himself and I called to him, happy to be speaking my mother tongue after so many years amongst foreigners. He stepped forward tentatively, dropping the felling axe and sack that materialised from behind his broad shoulders, and stuck a shaking finger towards me. What if I had known, in hindsight, that the first words to be uttered to me by a man of Loss would be, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is your mouth, sir?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab After I had gingerly pulled at the seals of my mask to show him that I was no ghoul, he inched forward, gave a short curtsey, and introduced himself as Flood Last Year. This was my first encounter with the curious nomenclature of the people of this valley, and in all my studies I had found nothing to prepare me for it. I asked him what it meant, and he replied that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93his father had been a man of hate, and of his wife and children he could find no greater punishment.\u8221\'94 I had no way to answer him, so I stepped forward, offering chocolate, until I stood very close to him. He smelt of dry-shaving, and was extremely nervous, tapping his fingers against his chest and clicking his tongue to some beat I could not hear. I told him that I was a friend, and that I had come a long way to find his town. His manner completely changed to one of derision; I remember him laughing at me, asking me to remove my mask, reaching around me to adjust my pack, and finally telling me that I would most likely be turned away, and maybe killed for my efforts. I replied that I was not afraid of death, and he hooted at me, ran his finger up the Orinoco of his lip, and told me he would make me tea, and that he was not good for much more. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab He turned and led me back to what I took to be his home, a little way down the slope and off the track; he was a forester, and his abode, doubling as a tannery for skins and a smoke-house for wood, was a vaul}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ed, thatched affair, of many floors, reaching into the canopy and erupting steam and effluvia from every opening. What struck me most, arriving amongst the dappled ferns and rabbit warrens, was the great copper kiln that was  protruded from one side of the hut; it was the likeness of an obese woman, her breasts drooping to form a lid for the fire within. A great priapic extension stuck out underneath the flames, a sort of tap. He saw me looking, and told me it was his Mother Kiln. He rubbed one of the hose-like nipples, the copper worn to silvery opal with generations of gropings, and took me inside. Long, purple furs and puckered beds of sharp scales hung from every wall on long poles, sloughed off or cut from some great reptile. The smell was utterly appalling, and I was surprised that Flood, as he asked me to call him, did not also reek. Every wall was covered with racks of knives, purgatives and strigil, as well as what I took to be wineskins, but were more likely acids and curatives for his trade. Ladders disappeared up into the higher quarters, though a large hole ran through the centre of the building, allowing smoke from the large central fire to drift skywards. The floor was bare earth, and in one corner was a pile of tiny carved limbs, obviously broken from some larger statue, and tossed irreverently to the ground. The frightened boy whom I had seen earlier was cowering in that corner, playing with the bands of his clothing. Flood ordered the lad to greet me as a guest. The boy rose as bidden, and approached me and kissed me full on the air filter; I flinched in shock, and the boy shrieked again and took to his den. He was ill, Flood told me, and his father had asked him to be brought to the woods to get some work done. He tossed him a knife, and the lad began carving at the rear of a large sheepskin, patterned with dots and whorls like a bitten nail. A true Occidental stupidity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I wished to be away, I think, as quickly as possible; a backwoods rube, even a friendly one, could irreparably damage my first impressions of the place I had travelled so far to see. After I had picked out the bitter leaves he had given me in a broth (I imagine, from his interest, to see if I could drink through my mask) I asked him to take me into the town, at which I was warned it was a three hour ride to the gates alone; at my insistence, we trekked for half a mile or so down the path, leaving the boy behind to his work, and came upon another small clearing in the wood ringed with monoliths of smooth shale; I was surprised at this, because of the obvious difficulty at bringing such material from the coast. In the centre of the cairn were a pair of bovine-looking steeds, heavy with one thick horn like a dull serrated knife extending down their backs that pulled their heads up. I had thought them contemplating the heavens when we arrived, though they remained so for our entire journey, peering up at me as if I had told a bad joke. On the horns were daubed the hand-prints of children and long,waved lines. They smelt pleasant enough for livestock, almost like healthy soil, or celery, and around their feet was long hair that trailed on the ground such as that of a prize poodle, though the fur was matted and rife with lice. Flood helped me onto the beast's wide, palanquin-like back and set off at the pace of a canal-boat or a procession through tight streets. Flood controlled his with his hands wrapped around its stomach, clicking ferociously in its ear; mine was kept in line with occasional slaps and prods.}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The road was full of rebuffs and sharp bends, and despite my pleas for silence so as to nurse my aching backside in peace, Flood probed me with questions about the world, and where I had been. I gave non-committal responses, little more than grunts. I was careful not to ask him too much about his home; I wanted to hear such accounts from educated people, people that I was assured }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (here a short section of words is ruled through) }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 in Loss. I do feel bad for Flood; he was a simple, ugly fellow, seemingly a member of some caste unknown to me even now, and I perhaps should have been more courteous with my discoverer. Shortly after I arrived he disappeared back into the woods and the mountains, and no-one will tell me anything about his health or destination, nor that of the boy. I have still not been introduced to his father. Perhaps I was too harsh, though at the time I had sincerely hoped that his degeneration was not symptomatic of his people. I have simply written in my notebook that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93perhaps all the beautiful did fall at Troy\u8221\'94.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The first words after his introdcution are very important - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93who\u8217\'92s there?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Where is your face\u8221\'94 - a sneeze - they hint at his later involvement, maybe the infection, and what he truly is. A philosophical crossroads.}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}