{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 This is the instrument of the Eremite, rendered in a digital format. It is an \'93improvisational participation engine\'94, providing a way to play the music puzzles if one is not a musician. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Description
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \
- It has the basic form of an autoharp, but it has been heavily modified. It is much larger, with ornate buttons and levers all over it. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - It is battered, dirty, caulked in mud. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - One panel is missing, exposing the inside of the body. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Features
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone - The harp is fully rotatable, and every angle may be seen. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - If the players zoom in on the broken panel, they see a very small, ripped label that says \'93C.F. Zimmerman Shifter, 1886\'94\
- There is a ship at sea carved into one corner of the Harp.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - There are two points of input; the chord buttons, and the strings. Pressing a chord button before pressing the strings changes their sound. There are 3 chord buttons, and 15 strings. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Both the chord buttons and the strings are labelled.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
The chord buttons are labelled:
\fs24 \

\fs28 Crisis
\fs24 \

\fs28 Road
\fs24 \

\fs28 Stars
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
And the strings are labelled:
\fs24 \

\fs28 Sword
\fs24 \

\fs28 Key
\fs24 \

\fs28 Raven 
\fs24 \

\fs28 Lake
\fs24 \

\fs28 Chest
\fs24 \

\fs28 Monk
\fs24 \

\fs28 Beast
\fs24 \

\fs28 Hero
\fs24 \

\fs28 Cloak
\fs24 \

\fs28 Elder
\fs24 \

\fs28 Castle
\fs24 \

\fs28 Pipes
\fs24 \

\fs28 Princess
\fs24 \

\fs28 Pauper
\fs24 \

\fs28 Blood
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- When initially discovered, the strings make a disonant, untuned sound, as if they have not been stored well for some time. However, if a player has a certain item in his inventory in the Office Content, is logged in, and accesses the harp, it plays properly, having been tuned and cleaned. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - On the reverse of the harp is found a poem, written in the Eremite\'92s handwriting on the same parchment, and affixed with thick glue:
\fs24 \

\i\fs28 I will scan, iron muscle
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 I will guess, bowel rustle
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 I will run, voice giver
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 I will love, tune shiver
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 I will jump, finger lover
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 I will sing, hole mother
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 I will tell, story seeker
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 You will know, I weaker.
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 \

\i0 - The harp is accompanied by a Widsith note:
\fs24 \

\i\fs28 \
Artefact Report 98238923JJ:// Loss File
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 Item 12 Argus: The Tarot Harp
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 Scriber: T.W.A.I.N.
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 \
One C.F. Zimmerman 1886 5-bar \'93Shifter\'94 model autoharp. Miscellaneous elements damage, salt rot, abrasion consistent with ijolite erosion. Strings have not been replaced since manufacture. Customised with extended cavity, tuning schema and rear-sided paint palette built directly into back plate. 
\i0\fs24 \

\i\fs28 \
Personal Notes: He seems to have customised the instrument for his own purposes: what do these demarcations on the notes and chord buttons signify? He calls it the Tarot Harp; figures here do not represent traditional tarot arcana. 
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \
}