{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This is the Eremite\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gas mask. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Description}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - It is mounted as if it were a stag\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, on a wooden board in same shape as the town\u8217\'92s Escutcheon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - It has a hugely inflated cranial area, and seems to be supported internally by struts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - It is the colour of grey bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Two long hoses droop down from the nose, one of which ends in a calcified mess that looks like limescale at the bottom of a kettle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - The words \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93AHEM ATUM\u8221\'94 have been written above the joins of each of the hoses. The word \u8220\'93AHEM\u8221\'94 appears above the calcified hose, and \u8220\'93ATUM\u8221\'94 above the other. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - The accompanying Widsith note contains a biohazard symbol.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Features}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - If the gas mask is turned around, the player can see a short poem written around the inside of the neck seal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93WHOSOEVER BREAKS ME WILL BREATHE MY BREATH AND SEE WHAT I SEE.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - By clicking the gas mask in certain places, the player can remove it from its stand and put it on: this fills the screen with two small circles of light. This, in turn, begins an audio recording that is procedurally generated, and lasts for many hours if the mask is left on. After a long time, they hear a short phrase. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf3
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}