{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Feasibility Report (Torn Pages Pasted In Journal)}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (The town's seal is depicted here).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE TOWN OF LOSS }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TOWN HALL COMMITTEE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OFFICIAL DOCUMENT }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EYES CLOSED, OR FIND REPOSE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feasibility Report 12}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 February 6th}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 AN APPRAISAL CONCERNING THE REASONABLE ADMITTANCE OF ONE \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93JOHN CABOOT\u8221\'94, A TRAVELLER, AND ACCESS OF THE TOWN THEREOF, FOR AN EXTENDED PERIOD (EQUALLING NO MORE THAN SIX MONTHS)  FOR THE PURPOSE OF RESEARCH}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Report Made and Signed By: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death By Strange Light, Liaison To The Town Hall and  Master of Phylacteries}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \tab This report, to be delivered to the committee this Spring First in the Year That Crocus Blossomed For The First Time Amongst The Brubbage Ribs, must make clear that the man such as this John Caboot, who even now is installed patiently, I must confess, on our borders, must be requested to leave peacefully. He poses a danger to our health, our way of life and the base sanctity of our community. I must respectfully impeach that he is removed at the earliest opportunity.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \tab I was amongst those that witnessed this man ride down into the valley along with one of the woodcutters. His appearance, to say the least, was frightening and unwelcoming; a long vestment, high peasant sandals for riding, his haversack stuffed full with dangerous shapes, a strange wooden augur at his side clutched in one gloved hand, and a ghoulish mask on his face, with glass over his eyes and a long trunk where his mouth should be. Such an individual, with such evident malice, could not enter our lives as a friend. His visage is an invite to war.}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \tab Though the man has abided by our wishes to remain outside the town gates until this report is published, he has shown little respect for any of our other purities. He constantly coquettes with the girls that come to watch him by the gateposts, but ignores the boys that follow them; he has often thrown them scraps of paper with mysterious passages scrawled on them, strange food from outside the valley, and trinkets and baubles that he pulls from his pack. My own daughter will rarely come home before midnight, entranced by this }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 exotic wight who claims to have crossed the dark sea. I propose that his presence will only provoke a dangerous ambition within our young, to our detriment; the outside world is a tempting lure for the stupid.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \tab How this man found his route here is a completely separate matter; when quizzed by myself earlier on in the week, he stated that he had come \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93writing in the saddle, pouring drink to us, ready to drink with us, to work demons with us.\u8221\'94 Even if such an odd statement were true (which we have no way of verifying) the thought of a fugitive conjurer (or whatever his provenance must be) cataloguing our way of life is complete anathema to what this civil thane believes this town stands for. I have asked him for credentials, and he has only given me scraps of paper with strange symbols and ranked lines upon them, more spells and problems for a town with enough of its own. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \tab If these uncertainties and dangers were not enough to warrant this man's ejection from our community, I would like to draw the committee's attention to the Hidden Press, in its wisdom, and I know that I draw no friends with this tactic. Though the word of the Press is no longer writ by law, its teachings still hold some value for this humble servant, and will, hopefully, have some bearing on the committee's decision. I speak only for Whisper, and his eternal absence. His wisdom still moves me. Let it move you. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \tab I have consulted}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 with the Mayor on this matter and he shares my fears. I respectfully request that the man be led to the edge of our domain, given fresh water and sent on his way. I propose no violence (unless made necessary by his actions), merely respect for tradition and the safety of our way of life. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Your slave in all, sirs,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Death In Strange Light}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (Here is found a strange sigil, depicting a frowning, bearded face)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 REJECTED By Order of the Town Committee and the Mayor.}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Stranger is to be allowed access to the town for half a year to study and observe the town's people. Discretion must be exercised. Stranger to be billeted in the dead lecturer's room at the expense of Building 4's commune tin for the duration of his stay; however, the rights of Ancient Lights and Wake Of The Room shall be null and void in his case, should they be requested. Food and spiritual sustenance to be provided by the Town Hall. The plans for a small welcome celebration, in order to showcase the hospitality of our valley, are being finalised, with funds coming from the Mayor's personal finances. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (What follows is a diary entry written directly into the journal).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 February 9th}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I was in my tent carving stakes when I heard the trumpet; one can never be too careful, as Baden once told me. It had sounded as if it was right outside, though stepping into the open air I realised it came from far off, right across the valley in the crumpled lee of one of the mountains, ricocheting off my surroundings on the clearest morning in days. The gates were being opened. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab They were large and cast in iron inexpertly, bubbles and fissures erupting over the strange cuneiform that was carved into them. I was greeted by a cavalcade of what I assumed to be dignitaries; I eventually realised, in hallooing them, that they were merely well-wishers and the curious, ordinary folk; yet more rubes. I packed up my tent under their watchful eyes, enduring their questions about the eyeholes in the tent sheet and the Hellenist script stitched into the lining, and crossed with them into the town. I found myself on a long dirt road lined with small homes, leading towards the haze of what I assumed to be the city itself. Long brown pennants hung on flagpoles, like those that myself and the children hung to greet Lancelot in Lyonesse, though they were far smaller and hung limply like elderly coughs in the frigid stillness. The people were dirty and silent, then, as if they were smuggling me in, and I wondering briefly if this is what was happening. I began to fret that this was not the right town, that I had stumbled on some Hyperborean refuge sheltered from civilisation and proper breeding. There was no fanfare, no crowds; even the curiosity of the rubes had waned. In the bright sparkling horror of that morning I do remember seeing something remarkable; in a small copse to the side of the road, almost obscured by the trees, another of the great \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mother Kilns\u8221\'94 could be seen, with the thrusting member, smoke pouring from her breast-holes. Behind her, like ducklings, were several smaller stoves, perhaps the size of kennels, into which people dressed in blue tunics stuffed some sort of fish,  turning to watch me as I passed. I smelt halibut, but the specimen had been long-raked, red with a scissoring beak. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Our group passed along the road until we reached greasy cobbles that looked like un-yeasted rolls. This rude civilisation seemed to put a glamour on my party, and they dashed in all directions, calling to me. I set off after them, stumbling past dwarf firs and beds of wild sage with my pack swinging, and rounded the corner of a watchtower into what appeared to be a very facile likeness of the Palatine Hill. A paved square of granite looked over by buildings of an almost Teutonic regularity. They were more like slabs of base stuff, not hollow at all, but rather solid blocks that pretended to be inhabited. I could see no obvious apertures on any of them. Around the square were huge, glass fishbowls set on lampposts, though they were empty of motion or colour. There was a middling crowd in the centre of the plaza, nothing like those that I greeted me at Lhasa or Machu or Mag Mell, but it seemed that I was wanted, after all. The crowd parted for me, and in its centre there stood a tiny Buddha of a man, a grinning wattle that I was to learn was named Star Watching At Sea, and who through some despotic, gangrenous process had become Mayor. After he had greeted me in a rather discourteous tone, he hurried and shooed his people aside to reveal tables laden with jellies, products of pork, and other hardy fare. Then there came music, dancing, more music, wreaths of herbs and garlic and strange lightning-shaped tassels thrown about me; I had seen it before, everywhere I have been. This pathetic god-posturing, the scraping of pride, the jizz-like pomade in every hairstyle. At least the kappas had eaten fruit; scurvy still haunts me at night with lecherous little prods. I was asked to speak, briefly, behind a lectern made of one old oak trunk, and was given a bare wire that ran through the crowd like a forest trail into the bare flank of one of the buildings. Luckily, my week-long solitude had given in to writing, and I read my poem with great solemnity, though their primitive personal address system shocked my teeth and rattled the thin walls of the speaker-house so badly that I felt that my bowel would pop. I shook the hands of many women and girls, including the thin one to whom I had given the leopard seal jerky after she had climbed the gatepost and let her legs out to the sun, singing. She was held on the shoulder by her father. I touched a great, golden key, held out to me in utter silence, and the town broke into applause. I do not know what it is for. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab An orchestra seemed to materialise out of nowhere, thirty of them or so, the crowd filled with waistcoats and ruffs, cravats fluffed and primmed like inflated mating sacs on Asian birds. After they had greeted me they waved bashfully to their stern wives, half of them lamed by milk leg. They were all quite drunk, and sheltered a menagerie of instruments both strange and familiar; the mandolin sat next to harps twenty feet tall, plucked with long hooks, and men who stroked their hands as if comforting the most fragile songbird, rubbing them against the elderly, marbled fat striated through their cheeks.. I asked them several times if I could record one of their songs and take some photographs, and after some confusion I produced my Lavalier box and my camera. As they crowded at the invisible line they had drawn between themselves and the technology, the thin girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s father wandered over, and gruffly stated his name as Death in Strange Light. He implied quite plainly, almost immediately, that I was considered beneath him, and should name him Mr. Light when in public. His daughter followed him at heel, and stated that her name was Death of a Friend, before her father silenced her with a finger. He asked me what the devices were, and I explained, trying to stay clear of religious imagery or witch-speak. Finally, he agreed that I could record one song and take six photographs, and so I chose wisely as I was steadily introduced to the town\u8217\'92s inhabitants. Death of a Friend spent much of her time close by, when her father was not watching, and quietly told me that I was to lodge in the same building as her, a few floors below, where a man had died the previous year. She is plainer up close, but still pretty, and I like that she washes her hair to the point of needing a comb-over; cleanliness seems an idiosyncrasy in this community of beet-wind and long, mournful belches. The valley is, I will admit, very beautiful; it has no obvious magic, or ruin of grandeur, but the town nestles into its lee appropriately, and in a funny way it reminds me of Asphodel; clean, bright, where souls chase each other through quiet streets. I asked the Mayor if there existed a map of the town that I might study; he told me that he would fetch me the one in his personal collection from which to take notes. I can feel the heat of Mr. Light's glare upon me constantly, as if he expects me to stab his friends before him, or explode into shards of metal. The ruddy, dim-witted children kept tugging at my mask; I had to bat them away with as much force as I dared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab After the celebrations the whole town trailed behind me as I was led on a tour. I swiftly grew tired; the air here is close and humid, hemmed in by the contours around us, and my legs were stiff after my week-long meditation. The well-wishers began to disappear home to dreams of electricity and the wall, and soon a compact bolus of entourage, including the sweating Mr. Lights and his daughter, was making its way through conifer groves to the tree-line. The path here was sculpted into the rock in scalloped steps; how odd that it should smell so like a sewer up in the clean air! We began to pass eyelets in the rock, tiny, drilled holes that were widened by the rain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingering, and the smell grew a source; I attempted to look within them, but some poured creamed, rancid smoke in pillars, and from others the smell of excrement was so strong that I nearly fell to my death on more than one occasion. The mayor, tied to the man behind by means of a thick rope, swallowed his catarrh and said plainly that we were passing their least holy shrines. I did not know what to say to this, and instead looked out, down again to the dark, evergreen groves. In amongst them, in the dying light, I could see deep holes in the knots of root at their base, wide warrens around which was splashed colourful paint as if by children, and more of those odd little lightning strips, tied down against an illusory wind. I pointed to them, but the mayor merely shook his head, and ushered me on. The mountains are unbroken and high around the whole valley, and disappear into the blue screen of distance. There is one mountain that seems sculpted from iron filings, it is so whipped and uninviting. It towers over everything else, and I see it is too high for even water vapour or ice to settle on its climes. The Mayor calls it the \u8220\'93north\u8221\'94 Mountain, though perhaps this is a nickname, as it seems to lie to the east of the town by the sunset\u8217\'92s reckoning. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We eventually came to a little caldera, and those behind the mayor gratefully shut their eyes for a few minutes and spoke of dinner and work as I surveyed all that I could see. I will try to commit as much to a drawn map as possible, for it is much larger than I thought at first. The town is laid out in both irregular and regular angles, with some streets wide and Roman, while others evoke a old Balkan city, with redoubts, doublings back, the twist of alleys and gardens; all of the roofs are coloured teal, or cerulean, or other colours that resemble the human eye from space. There is a vast forest, broken with minuscule clearings, over to the west, and at that time it was lit in such a way as to be unspeakable. Though the distance made it hard to judge, it may be even larger than the town itself. I remember now, some days later, the smell, over everything. There was a mix of smoke in the air; from wood, from meat, from peat and rock, they rubbed together like fuel at altitude.}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We took so many paths I cannot remember how we returned; I had seen the hint of a burial-place, ritual or common, and we trod the board-walk of new wood by the river; how I marvelled at the icebergs, some as large as cottages, wedged resolutely in the stream itself! The ambient heat made such saurians, such elemental things, seem impossible and the stuff of dreams. I was shown the gates of the town zoo, locked up and quite pathetic, and the slender, cosmopolitan profile of the First Loss (a hotel of some luxury where, oddly, I am not staying), and finally to my lodgings. The building is tall and wooden, surrounded by identical brothers in a pattern like buttons on a typewriter; canals diverted from the river flow between them, crossed by tiny, humped bridges. I write this on my bunk; the walls are Spartan, and alien with a waxy fish oil used as varnish. I have posted my effects around me, but not even Bismark\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Tooth\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 REF//::12018476393923 Folders 9J-10P: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Effects, Burnt, Drowned, Misc.\u8221\'94\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  can lift this strangeness, and such is its only real use. I feel something that I have not felt in a long while. There is a great warmth that surrounds the building even at night, and a gushing of drains or the river; oddly, it seems to come from above me. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Mayor and his council bid me goodnight at the door, and Death of a Friend and her father led me to my room. Indeed, they live a few floors above me, though there is a staircase that winds all the way up to my floor, around the outside of the building, like scaffolding on an abbey. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reminder \endash  I must try and see inside this silent, foreboding hotel; perhaps renovations are being undertaken, and as such I am billeted here amongst locals. However, my impression is that the town does not receive enough visitors for such a building to make enough gold or gems or paper or stone or whatever they use to barter here; it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as splendid as the Stanley before that little goblin Bachman ruined everything. I hope that they can exchange my molars; I have held onto them too long. But what use has a secret such as this place for currency?   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}