{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 Oannes knows how such a report as this was rejected, but I was allowed into the town against the best wishes of Mr. Light. It all seemed to sprout from my attraction to his daughter \'00 he cannot deny that she is a beauty, at least by the local troglodytic standards. A waifish neck, long hair cleaner than most, stunning skin beneath her eyes, no tiredness. And moody too, much like her father, but with a pout that I cannot resist.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 Even I make mistakes; I will not use the name for long. }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 A true joke; he is a gravedigger, one who constantly smells of earth and the onions of that earth. However, I have seen some of the people here wearing small caskets on their foreheads and strapped to the wrists like watches.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 Merely my measurements. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 So grandiose! A man who loves words like a wall, or a umbrella to keep out rain. I loathe him more and more.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 As I was soon to find out, this consultation was of a rather thorough variety; Mr. Lights is the lover of the Mayor, and seems to bend his ear in whatever way he can. There is a rather Greek brashness about their love; hungry kisses between two ugly men in public are never attractive.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 Not up to scratch, it seems.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 Everywhere this proliferation of English! And completely unaccented, with little hoarseness so often found in alpine folk; when I speak of accents, it has not the dull whitter of a London English, but a true lack of intonation and vowel excitement beyond the very basic sounds themselves. An isolate dullness. They try to repeat my own accent like mixing spring water in an oil-spill, and I must be careful not to generate a creole.  Their ethnicity, at first glance and without phrenology seems mainly Nordic Caucasian, though the wide brows and flat nasals bring to mind Linnaeus\'00 Asiaticus or the burly Mongoloid. The women are pappish and long-nippled, though shy to the point of aggression, whereas the men seem complacent, lazy, and sneering in the manner of the Afer. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 I have seen these since, often hidden in a grove of trees or behind a flint wall leading to farmland. Their purpose cannot be for the cooking of food, as one can see fishbones within, mingling alongside streaked cushions of ash. They leave the meat to dissolve and char. I have noticed, however, that they are never placed in front of a Mother Kiln, but trail behind, cast like fat children. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 To this day I only know that the library and the town hall were truly habitable; the others I never saw entered, though occasionally men in smocks would open hatches in their side to remove hammers, or cloth, or long poles. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 Why does the love of the Mayor live apart from him? }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}