{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red240\green43\blue11;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Unsavoury Methods (To Avoid)
\f1\b0 \ulnone \

\f0\b \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i\b0 \cf2 \ulnone http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A/B_testing
\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \
I do not wish to engage in this; regional or demographic tweaking is not a tool of literature. The idea here is not profitability; this form of marketing shows an inherent lack of trust in the material, and has never been employed before. It is an unsavoury part of digital marketing and not something that digital narratives should adopt. The same is true of DRM and restrictive measures. I seek:
\f1 \

\f0 \
OPENNESS
\f1 \

\f0 COMPATIBILITY
\f1 \

\f0 EASE
\f1 \

\f0 TRUST
\f1 \

\f0 ETHICS 
\f1 \

\f0 TRANSPARENCY
\f1 \

\f0 \
There should be more channels of communication than just a web form.
\f1 \

\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf2 Facebook, Twitter, and other social networks
\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \
I am not entirely against adding these, but what do they really bring to the experience? Is it necessary or desirable to have these features? I don\'92t see them adding anything to the text, and in fact in some cases they will detract from the experience in jarring ways. There are more analog ways to use them to spread word of mouth, but I have no desire for people to tweet their progress, or engage with their friends in an intrusive way. A Facebook page, Twitter discussion; these are fine ways of using these sites as 
\i tools
\i0 , third-party to the narrative, and not impinging on them. Does integration really lead to wider popularity? I am not so sure. And if it does, I am not sure it will with this piece. This is not \'93audience-friendly\'94. It may be \'93difficult\'94, but this is not an admonition. Digital narratives can succeed where videogames have failed; they need not be afraid of their own shadow.  I am glad that Failbetter wish Twitter and Facebook to be used for themselves.
\f1 \

\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf2 Tutorials
\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i0 \cf0 I do not plan to include tutorials or hand-holding; if this is needed, I am not performing my job properly. People reading this work are assumed to have a basic web literacy; we debase the whole thing by trying to make it \'93accessible\'94 to people who do not have the slightest interest in learning. Progression is natural, intuitive, and in many directions. 
\f1 \

\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf2 Treating readers in a certain way
\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \
Do not make readers feel stupid. They are vital, and should not be cheated. They should wish to delve into the subjects raised, and find the necessary detail elsewhere. When interacting with them, such interaction should not serve the self, but the story and their intelligence. I am not sure if I am the Eremite, or his successor, or just a researcher in the Institute myself, and should play that role. Everyone gains narrative as currency, as much or as little as they want or are willing to collect, and there is always another floor for them to reach, to become a ceiling. Narrative supports a database of interest. There are more layers between myself and the reader, but the objective should be to maintain a vital link, and make it feel more immediate, for all of the distance. It is also still a question whether players should be led for narrative effect, and whether this is any different from writing that deliberately provokes a biased way of thinking. I disagree with Jonathan Blow who says that this is unworthy. All art provokes emotion, and all artificial art has a message or purpose behind it. I do not want to take their details - in fact, I have a specific storied reason 
\i not 
\i0 to care about their lives. I do not want to tell them how they should feel about the work. Never create the cracks for the 
\f1 \

\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf2 Rewards for cash
\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i0 \cf0 Content is its own reward. DO NOT DO THIS. There will be no digital carrot, no need to skip the actual playing of the game. Why do people want this? There should be no waiting tactics. 
\f1 \

\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf2 No endgame
\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i0 \cf0 There should be an end. The experience should not be prolonged. This undermines the message and the pacing. 
\f1 \

\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf2 Achievements and levelling
\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The story is the level, and how you change are not affected by numbers. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf2 Pricing\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i0 \cf0 This is tricky, and something that needs to be discussed at length and which I need to be involved in. Highly slashing prices, or introducing monthly fees, I believe are ways that devalue and trivialise the experience. I think, aside from testing, there should be a payment for access, in which is included \'93ownable\'94 items; a transcript of the experience, extra content, music. DRM also is not needed as the music is tied to experience; no-one will substitute for the entire experience, which is convoluted and not an easily \'93ownable\'94 environment. You cannot steal an environment.  I\'92m also not sure about tiers of pricing; does this say that for more money you can understand it \'93more\'94? Extra content for more money, sure, but for unlocking content? I think that there should be a flat fee. It is still a question whether sales and low prices actually do devalue experiences, but it is a valid one. And where can value be added if it is necessary? I should look for ways to give people rewards without people paying for them. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf2 DRM
\f1\i0 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3 \cf0 DRM clearly does not work. It may keep people out for a little while, but you fight a losing battle that damages legitimate customers. This has been shown time and time again, and books, and digital works, are just entering this field. Would it not be wonderful if we could actually 
\i learn 
\i0 from these mistakes in other mediums and bypass them, saving lots of money and surprising everybody? It should not be a novelty for a company to trust its customers, but it is.  \
\

\i \cf3 Failbetter\'92s Methods\cf0 \
\

\i0 On the whole, I am a fan of Failbetter\'92s approach. Fallen London is fun, literate and different. I\'92m 
\f0 not a big fan of the "Echo This" options everywhere, and feel that there should be an automatic journalling of what happens, in an attractive format, to streamline the UI. The menus aren't nested well, or spell-checked. Despite all the \'93ethical\'94 treatment, there 
\i is 
\i0 still manipulation. Convenience always wins, so how far should the clasping of the hand go? Part of the issue is that it is still, after all, grinding. But the story is read maybe once, and then a second time, and this repetition does have its place. I need to find the middle way, or the fairest way
\fs28 . 
\fs24 There is a push towards monetization in Failbetter\'92s methods, and I am starting to understand the reason for this. Freemium works because people do not bounce off a paywall - an honest policy is what is needed, not a complete dismissal of the freemium model. Most people pay for fate to grind, and so the freemium model does need to be tweaked, as the grind is not something we want to emulate. 
\fs28 \
}