{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only place more cramped and inhospitable that I have retired was in Marwencol, though I cannot blame the men and women of that place for their disabilities. I have sealed the door with my cloak, but I worry about the window; I have not slept with my gas mask on since Tintagel, and I do not relish the memory; the rasping struggle in every snore, the slow clouding in my eyelets, as if death was coming in my own breath. However, I suppose that the size does not matter, really; outside of my quarters the building is some sort of miniature Babylon! }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Each floor holds different treasures; the buzzing I hear must be machinery or great pumps, as the river is somehow lifted from the canals below and runs along several floors above mine; people can while away afternoons on its banks, six storeys up! There are gardens full of produce that run alongside it with only a few windows bringing in the strong sun, and Friend has told me that the cellar is full of mushrooms sprouting on cut logs. One of the floors spirals inwards like a maze, before reaching a door that is locked to me. Above is something of a communal chamber; the samovar in the centre burns star-hot and blackens my ceiling in a tight ring. There is another lock on the hatch that leads up to the roof, though something is mooing or cawing up there; a basilisk, or merely chickens? At the moment no one will tell me; they just stir their soup in silence, whiling away the long evenings with thoughts and strange games which I can have no part in. They rarely speak to one another. There is a medieval darkness at night; I can only see the lights on the river, those of the dark fishermen. I saw their long poles ending in knives, though they seem not to use them; they leave their washing over them, and plunge their hands into the fast stream to bring up their catch. On my bed, when I arrived, was a large pile of coins, completely blank and around the size of an old penny. I seem to be able to exchange them for goods, but no-one will take any of my old currency in like. I wonder if they understand economics as I do. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I was given a souvenir at the Inauguration by a rather senior gentleman purple with bath-brew; it is a youthful looking moon, cast in heavy metal on a red cord, with a wonderful scalloped surface that is calming to stroke. In fact, I feel a need to do so now; my feet are bleeding and I still cannot remove my wraps. Maybe tomorrow. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}