{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I am a small man. I am five feet four inches in height, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the proper length of an oorang\u8221\'94, as Brutus loved to remind me. I have acne on my shoulders that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 irezumi }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 has failed to swallow up, back ache, gallstones, a septic thumb from playing with my reflexes at Tom Wat; it is still swollen, and that girl still rises, black almost to a shade of green in my skull, where I left her weeping, my thumb weeping. The littoral of my hair is gone floating with the rub and heft of the rubber that I must wear, and my backside sweats if I sit too long. But these men and women are not my betters; they are almost Neanderthal. The tallest of them do not even reach me, and their chests are quite pigeoned; perhaps this is why only a few of them will scale the mountains. In my first days emerging from my dwelling they milled around me like buoys against a sandbar, confused and confusing in the clothing they wear. Their names are long, heavy constructions, and each seemingly a story; I met Young Bird Snared By Badger, his younger, petulant brother Badger And Emphysema, the dancer Uncle Felled By Gorse and her babe Cycle Crash By Moonlight; and yet they are so unwelcoming when I ask of their etymology! They tell me that their names make them angry, or happy, and will offer no more. Why on earth would someone choose a name that brings them only irritation? They will not tell me. Maybe others will. I have time enough for that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Coming downstairs on my second day I met two serious young men racing out of the main door to the apartment block. One was slighter, paler than the other, and his soul seemed to know that it was sickly; he is not seen to smile. The other is heavier set, and tanned; he obviously spends more time outdoors. Maybe the first one is a writer, I remember thinking. As I engaged them with a rap of my book against the wall they scratched to a stop, shuffled nervously, and introduced themselves as Discovering Leprosy and Love For All Gods, and I realised that I had taken photographs of them on my first day here; I met so many people I had quite forgotten about them. They said that they were sportsmen, though Discovering Leprosy gave Love For All Gods a sharp look when he said this.   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Death of a Friend follows me, every time I leave the building; I never see her door open, and I am wary, for Mr. Lights, her father, most definitely hates me; no one else has fallen under his spell, but I hear him shouting about me from his room, and the few times we have crossed paths in the last few days he has flashed me a look the likes of which I haven't seen since Alexandria and that delightful little kelpie. I have no wish for a shotgun wedding in this place, no matter how beautiful it is; the harpoon has left its traces in my thigh before. But when I am crossing Main Street, with gibbering children following me, trying to gift me souvenirs and their parent's prized chattels in exchange for pieces of my costume, she peeks around the doors and windows of the mullioned tea rooms, or tries not to splutter as she leers from the shop that pours acrid smoke constantly, and wishes me good day. Our paths seem to cross an awful lot. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Today, though, she came to my door, and offered to show me more of the town. I had yet to explore much deeper than the main thoroughfare and the channels and bridges surrounding the water and my apartment. I agreed; her dress was short and I was sick of what I had seen. The back of her legs were like a piebald velour, that shimmered when the muscles moved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We walked through the tributaries and the high arching bridges in blocked granite, where those long lightning strips trail into the water. As I peered over the railings I saw the terrified ripples of living things, a shimmer of chitin amongst ghostly arenas of frond and paddle, and I asked what they were. She giggled, peering over with me, before sending an arcing spittle past me and answering, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93fairies!\u8221\'94 I must ask her about her heritage, and watch her brow for any Cro-Magnon abutment. With her father fucking the Mayor, who knows what forks in the road her ancestors took. There were signs on every corner, tall and yellow against the dark windows, that forbade the dumping of corpses or urine into the stream; the black outline of a prostrate man was on fire, black grains of himself falling into the stencilled waves below. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The apartment district, the smallest sliver of the great terraces of Ry'leh, an organising hand sweeping away the tracery of dead gods, opens out into a wide plaza where the official buildings are found. The scaffolding constructed for my welcome, thrown up in under two hours by teams of bored youths, was still standing. I was due at the Town Hall the following day to see the Mayor's collection of maps; it is a tall, utilitarian structure, with no obvious doors or windows, no entrants or exeunts, like all of the buildings around the square. I can imagine Ioseb as I knew him, with a patterned tribal scarf around his neck, wearing the suit of a savant, his beard full of pork jelly, walking in the pure strident noiselessness between these places, touching the stone with hand suited for moleculars, and smiling at how smooth is was, how perfect, how unmarred by chisel or transport. I had no idea how they were constructed, or how men or women entered them for business; perhaps the Mayor wished to test me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I strode slightly ahead of Death of a Friend to take a photograph of the entire plaza. Without warning, however, she ran at me, crowing and baying and calling for me to stop. I did so, ruffled by her intrusion, and she pointed to a Venn Diagram inlaid in gold and red bone in the cobbles. She pointed out that this was the Execution Venn, whatever such a thing means; she explained that anyone stepping inside the rings, guilty or not, would be executed by the Town Council. Such a thing seemed laughable to me, and I hovered my foot over the ring, as she pulled me back from the border. The cobbles seemed so clean! I felt that she must have lied to me, to impress me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We passed an edifice that could only be religious, great suppurating mounds vomiting rainwater from the night before into the waiting mouths of not-gargoyles, not even grotesques. It was as if someone had draped a dead, heavy-breasted colossus over the structure, fusing its mammaries with the stone, the memories of its tubes flowing with calcite and limescale. She looked at it, suppressed a belch and clicked her fingers at it, once, twice, a third time behind her back. I looked at her, and she frowned and motioned for me to do the same, though I would not belch in my mask, as only I would suffer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We headed from the square into small streets that run in all directions, high walls and hedges holding chapels or museums that no-one visits, or the lowing of great mysterious beasts. People dodged to and fro between ancient buildings, some of them wattle and daub, some timbered, some made of pristine metal. There were shops and caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9s; I felt like I was in Europe again. We stopped to drink what I thought was coffee, but was more like a sour, black syrup; she asked me which books I had read, and I tried to list them, starting from the beginning. I think that she was pretending to know the titles that I recounted, as every so often her head would bounce and she would grin and sigh into the near distance, as if remembering a certain plot-twist that we could both share. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It grew dark as we set off back to the square. Someone had lit the street-lights, and I saw then what these huge bulbs were for. Death of a Friend called them \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the universe\u8221\'94, as if she had some concept of 'universe' that I was unaware of, though I had to admit that the lights within could be imagined as some primordial borscht \endash  they spread out like bright acid, in long lines, pulsing and casting an eerie glow over the whole space. I think of Tesla. He would be more suited to such a trip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We mounted the steps to a vast rotunda, again portal-less, decorated with statues of vast men and beasts, all of them being tortured by vile devices or projections. Both Friend and I searched for any crevice or depression that might give a way an opening, before there was a sharp click, and a small man, so frail he seemed to be a man of motes, a man of dust, appeared in a slobber of light. His voice did not waver, as he began to scream vile murder. Friend stepped forward, obsequious and quivering. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The man stopped his commotion, smiled, and apologised to Friend. He beckoned us inside. The girl had revived the old bugger, and he introduced himself as Spider's Nest in Barn. There was a touch of the double Humberts about him, busy fingers, woollen vest, filthy, crenellated ears, veins that ran through the stout bulkhead of nose and pipe. He finally recognised my presence, and asked me, by way of greeting, when I had last had sex. I started at his impertinence, before remarking that it had been three months, and he wove a little sign on the air, danced a small jig of happiness, and remarked that he was still a virgin, before lambasting foreigners in all their guises. I did not know whether to console him or celebrate. He breathed deeply and showed me into the library that he curated. He noticed the velour, also. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It was small. I had imagined phalanxes of scrolls bound in alligator teeth, or letters suspended in viscous jelly, or lights that played across steel screens, or tablets and statues that would give me something to read; something spectacular. But there were three shelves of books, one of them a collection of pulp adventure stories, yellowing and thumbed heavily by oily pads, I balked at this expression of otherness that seemed to precede me, seeing one pressed open on a small table beside a rickety ladder ascending to a loft. A phrase jumped at me from the page, and I thought that I had imagined it circled, but it could not have been; }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 the cloak hid him from the heathen eyes, and the darkness brought him.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I asked the little chap, politely, if there were any more books. He snorted, and asked the need. I was inclined to agree with him, and worried; was Loss not what I had read of? Was it this scruffy, muddy town, with none of Rome's glory, or Ethiop's palaces, or Glastonbury's trilling masses and bleating sacrifice? Was it merely the last suction of these inbred limpets before the disappeared into the deep of the mountains, the oceans I had crossed? I resolved to spend much of my time reading, and proving myself wrong. I had not travelled as far as I had to be disappointed and to leave without answers. Perhaps Friend can be persuaded to tell me more. I also cannot keep writing her name out in full; it is too long. She is just Friend, now. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 An Essay On Ancient Lights}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Any building in the town limits may rise as high as is feasible and physical, but may not spread more in width than five times the arm-span of its lawful owner. There is a certain quaint concept of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93vacuum light\u8221\'94, received from space and unsullied by air, that each person has a birthright to strive for. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Each building conducts its own, private Babel, basking in venerable rays that lance towards Earth from their ancestral home \endash  that is, anywhere but here. MacArthur was right; I have finally met my little green men! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See further notes on the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hidden Press\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The ancient lights princiuple needs to be changed. They would not want to be seen from space. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Create a cone of time\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}