{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b0\i0 CHARACTERS}
\par\plain \f0\fs36\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The townspeople, whilst not stupid, are generationally naive - there is an obvious disconnect between what they believe happens and what actually happens in their town. There are degrees to which this is obvious to the readers, and at other times the truth is almost unattainable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs36\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 The Witch Doctor}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - At the moment, she is too much like a Christ figure. I think that she does need to die, but not as a vessel for everybody else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hatred. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Are these beasts her children?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Saman - shaman - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93correct, excited, moved, raised\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - The shaman comes face-to-face with the spirits. They benefit the society as a whole, as opposed to a magician. Relationship is one of }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 control}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : I suppose, then that she is not a shaman at all. A shaman needs a community to protect and serve. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Shamanism is a complex, the role of an actor and ecstatic intermediary. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Wounded Healer\u8221\'94, as Joan Halifax said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - She is the only one who bathes, and is therefore sexualised. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - A juxtaposition of fear and trust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Hexen Meester.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Music is linked to trance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - The witch is a construction of his mind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Is she a monster? Does she get involved in childbirth?}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Death Of A Friend}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - She is very talkative.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - Her hair hangs in her eyes like the skin in a medical diagram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - She becomes a figurehed and a psychopomp for talking to him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - She wants to bathe for him, but cannot. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Mr. Lights}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - If he is really Death Of A Friend\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lover, why is he gay with the Mayor? What has caused this experimentation to arise? He likes the man as a friend}}