{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A small painting in a cheap frame. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Description}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The painting, perhaps produced by a simpleton or child, depicts a beach scene, a cobbled road leading through an arch, and flowered meadows, to a wide sea. The foreground is in shadow, as if something is behind the painter. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Attached to it by string is a luggage label, which when clicked reads:}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\i1 Sir And Magus, }
\par\plain \f2\fs28\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\i1 My spawn sends her regards and apologises for the incident yesterday. She will be beaten, as per your request. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b0\i1 Please accept this gift from both of us. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs28\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\i1 Safe Travels, }
\par\plain \f2\fs28\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\i1 Death In Strange Light}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\i1 March 16th}
\par\plain \f3\fs28\b1\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 If the reader clicks the four metal clasps on the back the frame comes apart, and they will find a scrap of fabric, stitched with mountain flowers: it is the same material that Death of a Friend is wearing in photographs of her. In spilled ink, with a pained hand, is a small devotive message:}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\i1 I forgive you. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\i1 I am your pet. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b0\i1 Sometimes we must kick a dog. }
\par\plain \f2\fs28\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}