{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (This section is pasted into the journal, and is printed on very old paper, almost silky in consistency).}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs44\b0\i0 The Apologist's}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs80\b0\i0 FRANK\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Falsehood Doubting://9283267B Has the Eremite the stomach? A personal aside, both these men are liars with a penchant for flamboyance. Has the Eremite ever seen these things? They are barely mentioned elsewhere, and seem an afterthought in the tradition of the worst falsifiers.\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f0\fs80\b0\i0  BESTIARY }
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs80\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs40\b0\i0 Being A}
\par\plain {\f0\fs40\b0\i0 Diverse Menagerie}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs40\b0\i0 Of The Singular Valley Of Loss}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs40\b0\i0 Compiled In The Year That Hatred Found The Mayor, }{\f1\fs40\b1\i0 Young Love In Spring}{\f0\fs40\b0\i0 , And He Ordered The K!K!K! Field Razed To The Ground, And Was Executed For His Crimes}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs40\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Commissioned By Loss Town Hall, The Time That }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Muscles Popping Lifting Grain }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cut Off His Wife's Hand With A Scythe, And Because Of Her Ugliness Threw Her Into The Pageant Weevil's Nest At The Point Where The River Splits And The Glacier Melted, Consigning Her To Death And His Children To Ignominy}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Printed By Grace Of Funds The Time The Strawberry Seeds Came By Stranger's Pack}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 The Amoeba On The Windowsill: The Scatterbird}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 For low to the ground, the scatterbird is seen. He is a fulsome crow-shape, black with black talons, a wrinkled inky beak. He feasts on the insects and diverse fruits of the field; he is wise as we are, though, and will not touch the circling beetle, the retarded poisoner. He lives in the field, in long grass, or wheat, or beet plants; he luxuriates in the cover of night and vegetation, and is rarely seen on the ground. Though crow-like, he is large, like a dog, and waddles painfully and gainlessly over small obstacles as if they were eyries capped in ice. A rather ugly, shoddy gentleman; more like a rutting hog than a bird of the air. But, such a transformation! Such a sea change, when threatened, or approached! A farmer will enter his field; a flat plain of swaying, whispering crop, a slingshot in one hand, a whistle in the other. He casts the stone far into the scrying pool of his property; the scatterbird is his foe on the ground, for he churns the fields to mud and breaks the stalks of his harvest. The stone clatters to the shrub, and the whistle blows; four or five scatterbirds lurch into the air, lethargic and duggish, no more than three hands above the wheat, and there they split. Those dark shapes, atavistic as soot against rock, divide as myriad forms; the large, rolling drudge explodes into twenty, thirty flitting things the size of sparrows, and where there were five, now there are hundreds, and the farmer's field is blotted out by these living colonies. Each fat crow-thing is a monastery built of the bodies of scores of sparrow-things, living together, feeding together, but jostled apart, cowardly and ultimately alone, to slink back under the cover of night and fuse once more. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 The Crippled Scapegoat: The Pageant Weevil}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 For everywhere is the Pageant Weevil to be found, and obvious by its colour and its gait; it is bright and primary, each patterned different from its kin. It is positively mathematical in its disability, slowly walking in regular ellipses to transport itself across the ground. One would be tempted to think this a cruel play of nature, though Man, in all his wisdom, is the architect of this creature's injuries, for its sin and for his own. They can be seen hermetic and in solitude, away from heat and population; they have a shared, almost religious terror of humanity. One must be sure to look past the ridiculous heraldry and the pitiful condition of such creatures and see the true venom within. For there is a sinner's poison, a malicious seeking of heat and light that draws these beetles to the feet of revellers, farmers, children and hunters, sinking their long mandibles into the soft flesh; exacting a sort of mortifying, necrotic revenge. For these creatures are tarred ludicrous by man, and catalogued by him; parties of townsfolk, elected by the town hall, head into the fields and woods with nets, scissors and paintbrushes; children are sometimes brought along, sheepish and feverish with fear, to teach them of the Weevil and its dangers. The insects are discovered in long brush or the bark of trees, in colonies of four or five, and are fastened in place with netting and long callipers. Held thus or with careful hands wrapped in muslin they are painted and varnished in vaudeville lines, and their front left leg sliced off. They must then be let free; one must be very careful not to kill such humble things, as even a single weevil destroyed results in mysterious proliferation in all parts of the valley, with more poisonings and more work. However, few are now found with a bare shell and a full set of legs, and most of the nests are marked obvious with Long Man Strips and bright paint. No cure has been found for their poison, and this battle will continue this way; the patrols that document these slight enemies bring a gross communal ecstasy, and we must be vigilant to protect our children from the horror of that first spark of poison and painful death. We shall lose few more, by Whisper.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Lo, Bright, Stupid Master: The Turkey Dragon}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 One need only to gaze up at the herald of our clandestine urbanity, garlanded by fluttering Long Tails, the lacquered shields and sentinels that gaze droopy-lidded over our leaders and committees and songs, to see the great and awful Turkey Dragon, our carnation and our greatest shame. She no longer exists in her natural state; the only specimens still breathing are the inbred dynasties cooped in this }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 urban pavilion. She is a heavy, drooping slug, reptilian and feathered, a cockatrice whose stare only invites hilarity and ridicule. She has four legs, though they all are withered as grapes becoming raisins and are taloned roughshod and unkempt, with wide, greasy hairs diversely spread. She blunts her claws on rocks as she stumbles onward, and sprouts membranous canopies, though canopy is too illustrious a term; they are shrubs of wings. Her heavy beak is filled with teeth, irregular and crooked, shattering and cracking the keratin as she grinds the rotten meat and vegetation she is fed; she produces the most godly stink. Great porcine tusks nudge their way from her mouth, narrowing her gut and reducing her breathing to a mousey groan. She is, by all true standards, a waste of life. And yet we see her as beautiful, and hated by the gods, and so she is ours, our sacred, our prow. Fewer and fewer have been born in recent years; witnessing the violence and unhygiene of her mating habits, it is no surprise. She is the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 last of the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0 valley gigantics}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 , and the most tragic. We give her an annual stipend of cutlery and billy cans from the Kettle Guard's barracks so that she can form her own hordes whilst in captivity, though they are small and pitiful compared with the treasures from our greatest dirges; zeniths of stolen metal, secreted under the mountains and in great nests built of mucus that cap the highest peaks. They are our }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 greatest songs by their fleetness; for we may not know them long. They may shuffle back into the caves and hollows of our heads, scraping sparks on the walls with their wide, turgid skulls and clumsy sharpness, the last, spastic light before they slump into the dark. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 The Compass And The Coral: The Cartographile}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Upon following the channel of the serpentine river that cuts its way through our great valley, wending as it will through homes, taking solace in the fields, burrowing into the maze of the pitch, the chill of the water, the tumbling ice and rock that forces spume and foam through channels no wider than a child's breadth, it seems impossible that anything could survive in the tempest that runs out to no sea, much less anchor itself in place; however, below the surface of the river, like a millipede scaled, the cartographiles have given us the names of paths, the nature of hidden places and the temples that we may build. One has never been seen in its entirety, being some miles long, it hugs the bank almost from source to delta, knocking against its sleeping companions. Their long mouths hold nets of needle teeth, that filter and crush debris that tumbles down from the mountain and the town. They possess thousands of tiny legs, more like hooks and stunted as if in a bumping womb, that vice to the bank with the temerity of a saint. They regard the maelstrom above as sanctuary, and though their backs are armoured and serrated, they turn their plump, pustulate bellies up to the sun. This trust, and lethargy, grants them their greatest virtue. Their stomachs are long ranks of acne, stretch marks and scars that can only be the product of the boulders, branches and bodies that dance down on the top-stream. Yet, apart from the gods and their reason, and by the power of man and stupidity, these lesions are the maps of our surroundings; a precise cartography in rude nature! They show the tracks that loggers use to reach their shrines and kilns, the floor plan of the Town Hall, each yearly construction added in the some chaotic line of sharp flint tumbling down from its perch to score open flesh. Some say that one particularly senior creature holds the plan of the K!K!K! Pitch, though the Town Hall has denounced every rumour-smith identified as murderers, thieves and foreigners and hung all until dead swiftly. If one can brave the tumult, and the carnivores and jitter-weeds that frond and billow just below the surface of the stream, one can feel out the road to one's own home, or that of a neighbour, or perhaps the secret paths that lead out of the valley; appeals have been made to remove and skin one of the cartographiles for better study of its dermography, but talks are slow, and the beasts slumber, oblivious in their pubescent cataloguing of our world. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}