{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 A rather poor choice for the Bestiary; an apparently sickly individual, a virtual recluse and celibate \'00 how did he ever have the stomach to record these creatures?}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 I seem to have transgressed some sort of Wallace Line, as soon as I saw that dribbling woodcutter emerge from the trees.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 A rather quaint method of chronological datum; its verbosity speaks to me. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 A message of morality rather than zoology?}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 I recorded a folktale relating to such a beast, told to me in the tavern off Main Street by Great Oar and Headwound, the scabrous landlord and my fancier, I reckon.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 I tried to acquire a flag, though my sketch will have to do; stealing a flag is punishable by death, and the few I could find are too high, or locked away behind glass.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 The town zoological institute is small and badly kept, though it must be an ancient place, if it was present in the time of the Apologist. The railings are overgrown with creeper and red ivy, and the roofs of the houses poke through the foliage like rune-stones or the hats of sleeping picnickers. There is a Dragon House marked on a venerable signpost just beyond the fence, though I have been told by everyone that I have asked that it is locked and I am expressly forbidden from entering. There is certainly the smell of fresh defecate, perhaps turned by forks. }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 Reminder: must ask Spider about the zoo. The entrance remains locked, and no one even looks at it as they pass, and yet I alone can hear scratchings from behind the gate, echoing as if from a drain. They are keeping something or someone in there. I think of Omelas in such times, and imagine leaving this place as I did then, wreathed in fire and looking to the desert...}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0\cf1 It seems that such creatures are venerated for their sheer uselessness; no God could love such a thing, and so the deipathic townsfolk treat them much as the Hindu sadhus do their cattle, or the Shinto their crows and foxes. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}