{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red43\green0\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs36 \cf0 META CONCERNS
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b\fs36 \cf0 Features
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 Length
\b0  - 200 storylets, around 30-50 pieces of Miasma Content
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 Community
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - The community will centre around the Institute\'92s prime mechanic of Push Storytelling - bringing the story in a modular way to people through their chosen avenues. The community expands this out onto the web in a non-proprietary way, giving them a chance to push things to each other, as well. It creates a web instead of a pyramid ramp. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Media is a way to mediate human relations, anthropologically, and this is both the subject and goal of this experience.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
Experience Rather Than Text
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - The text is the medium, rather than the sale. The experience is wrapped in the interface, story, audio, 3D models, user tactility, community, discussion, and every aspect of what could be called Black Crown. They are important to the enjoyment, and to say \'93if you choose to pay, you are only paying to get text more quickly\'94 is very short-sighted. Signing up, also, needs to be very simple. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
Dynamic Machine Reaction To Players
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - A game, an experience, cannot be static. It needs to react on every surface to player change and interaction. This is where the meta concerns of the project come into their own. The game, and we can react to how players are using to integrate the community into the craft of the thing.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
Slow Games
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - Slow games exist as part of life, with returnings to them, and the building of understanding, in a quotidian routine that allows contemplation instead of quickly-forgotten bursts of colour.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - I think a good quote to use is \'93slow purposeful accumulation of experiences\'94
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They should \ul \ulc0 want \ulnone to power through the content, but by imposing limits, we control the contemplation of the content, and it actually becomes an asset to be impatient, as it causes you to go and learn around the subject whilst you wait. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 Moderation
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - This is an important part of maintaining an online community.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - As usual, people will banned if there is any real-world hatred.  
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 Learning
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - The desire to learn is an important part of Black Crown. There will concepts and items that people may never have heard of, and at the end of the game, they will not have any mechanical improvement, but instead an improvement of the mind. I wish to encourage people to seek out links to learn more about the things that inspired the project. Things such as the Khan Institute, TED, Wikipedia, iTunes U, and other services, can embed nicely or lead people to further their knowledge on certain subjects. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 Not Integral For Enjoyment
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - Though I believe the meta concerns of this project are extremely important, there will be plenty of people who do not have the time, or know-how, for interacting with them. People who are 
\i au fait 
\i0 with ARGs and other transmedia projects will lap it up. If we can encourage others to join in with this new way of interacting with books, that will be excellent, but we cannot make wider participation necessary for enjoyment. Some people may just wish to view the efforts of others, and we should make this easy to do, and others may only want to interact with story. However, we must remember that the whole 
\i point 
\i0 of this project is to disperse narrative, to make it ergodic, and non-trivial. There needs to be a willingness for effort on the part of every reader, though, even if the intensity of that effort may vary from person to person.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
The Nature Of Canon
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - Meta concerns naturally weaken the barriers of canon. Player contributions are important to this project, but giving them control is dangerous, as they can alter the experience for others in negative ways. The amount of canon democracy we allow is dependent on the story and how much we want the players to determine the culture of the Institute outside their department. Fan fiction is encouraged, but visibility to others in an official sense needs to be considered.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
The Player Experience
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - Players like to shut off some personalities and inhabit others for a while. Roleplaying is important to many people. The meta concerns give them a chance to open up their singleplayer roleplaying (which, despite some opinion, is important for escape, self-identification, and mental health) and present their personas to others in a way that they cannot hurt each other\'92s fictions, but only interact positively. The Institute employs people who enjoy this absurdity - playing up to these grand titles, empowering them in their weakness. Players become part of an \'93ultracult\'94, a way to show uniqueness in an age of corporate identity and rising population. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Players will form niches, task forces, groups and alliances. They are not random, and should be encouraged. The differences between them become inherent and self-reinforcing. Their default position is one of defence, and so forming groups should come naturally to them. The drive is forward, with complication, as some players will set themselves against others. The department fights its decay from within to survive and complete this change that they are instigating.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 Case Studies
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 Jam With Chrome
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 A HTML5 (I assume?) experiment by Google, where people can play digital musical instruments, in their browser, using their mouse and keys. They can switch between instruments on the fly, and invite friends in to join them. This social experiment shows that sharing high-tech, accessible games is much easier on the web nowadays, and can be implemented in a way that makes it easy for people to share what they do with these tools with their friends. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 Myst Journals
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 Low-tech paper journals kept by players of the PC puzzle game Myst. These were often shared physically with local friends, as well as on the web when image-uploading became less of a headache. Fez, the recent Xbox 360 puzzle game, had a renaissance of people creating Tumblogs of these journals in which players attempted to work out the codes hidden in the game. What this shows is the drive of many players to use their own tools, outside of the game, to solve the more pressing, deep puzzles. Obviously, this does not apply to everyone who plays the game, or even the majority, but it reminds one of the adage to 
\i never treat your audience like idiots.
\i0  They do not need to be handheld through the experience, in case one small obstacle causes them to leave. This is the \'93Anti-Smaug\'94, or \'93Attention Deficit\'94 of which people are terrified on the Web at the moment.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 Experiments
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - Relating to the \'91Myst Journals\'92 above, there may be a way that we can embed this annotation, collation and analysis into the community itself. Profiles could be used on the Black Crown wiki to share their findings and become celebrities of exposition, solving puzzles first. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- The Wiki, or community in general, is something that we need to initially create, but then allow to grow. We cannot influence it, I think, unless for storied reasons; for example, I think that the Institute could attempt to shut it down, in a Denial-Of-Service attack, and its denizens must defend it. Obviously, close analysis will yield interesting data, and allow the preparation of appropriate material much easier.  I think that you must have an account if you wish to join discussion and edit articles. I would also like to keep the real world out as much as possible, in terms of branding - this is a common anchoring technique in ARGs, but I think it will cheapen this. The Wiki is the safe haven for the players against the Institute, and the other departments; seeing as they are the ones driving the change, this is appropriate. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- I like the idea of \'93connected blogs\'94; blogs that are either in-character or not, that feature players collating ideas and growing the world of the Institute. If we can link to these in-game, or in the Wiki, they can form part of the world itself. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Artwork related to the Institute should be promoted and sought, as well, as it is expensive to produce first-hand.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- I think that, in the future, there is room for producing physical editions of the works, including what players have been through in which order, and ordering them in a beautiful physical copy. We are nowhere near this yet, but it would be fun to see. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Giving players a random chance for a huge promotion, a vision, or some other event, incentivises play and increases mystery. That player becomes a psycho-pomp to the others, relaying what he has seen. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Annotation on the Miasma is something that we should experiment with. It should only be allowed to logged-in players, and the choice to view the annotations is by default negative. If you choose to, however, you can see discussions about the piece, with links to further analysis in the wiki. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- A developer blog with meta-commentary, linked from the office content, but unrelated, allowing people into the process of making this game, and how it works internally. Here I can talk about my influences, what I listened to, read and watched, while making Black Crown. Not everyone will be interested in this, but we are starting to live in a more artisanal society, and there will be plenty who wish to understand the process. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- There could be a separate roleplaying forum where posters take on the roles of the denizens of a mythical place that the Institute has destroyed, and roleplay in a collaborative environment. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- We have not thought about accessibility for this project whatsoever. Deaf and blind players should be catered for in some senses, though this may need to be down the road in terms of development. The text could be read by mellifluous voice actors, with a setting which allows turning this on or off at any point in the Institute.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b\fs36 \cf2 \
}