{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Flat structure\
Give random players visions, based on how much they play, or as a lottery.\
Give them a chance to relay it to other players, and become a psychopomp.\
Sell experience rather than text.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - POSSIBLE FEATURE - allow commenting on the pieces WHEN LOGGED IN, and the choice to view this commenting when logged in also? Otherwise completely obfuscated.\
- Monitoring of communities should be done minimally, but with a view to anticipating discussion and preparing new material for it.
\fs24 perhaps some objects can only be found by working out the puzzle? Exploits for this should be combatted. The addresses may be changed sometimes.
\b - Books more mysterious than the web\

\b0\fs28 Make designers of your players- A way to produce old-looking, archived websites? Arguments with service providers?\
- A mythology establishes central tenets, and bends out from them under the weight of variation. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0\fs28 \cf0                        
\f1\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
Do we create the wiki ourselves, or allow others to bring it up, and have an event where the Institute tries to shut it dow\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
Disability? Text descriptions read by mellifluous voice actors?}