{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 February 23rd (Written Directly Into Journal)}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Have realised that my compass is useless; as I lie in bed, it moves one way, and then the other. This morning the Sun seemed to rise in the North. North is now East? Ask Mayor. It would not be the first time that I have seen a community determine magnetic direction by means other than sense. Despite pleas to reason I am forbidden from intervening.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 A few lines break, and then a different pen and a slightly more manic hand. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Have asked Mayor. He told me that there was nothing wrong with my compass. He even asked for it as a gift, in an awkward moment that these people seem to relish, and I had to mutter apologies and complaints of sickness in order to leave. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Lots of small and large scribbled diagrams, full of calculations on date, position and time, and on theme of compass points, astrology, and other attempts to render sense in the town's geography. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mountain is apparently north\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Analysis :://89482304908RJND. Phyrrotite region, designated String Settlement? Not Conclusive.\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - What is the basis for this. It is the grandest peak - what a ridiculous assertion! I have seen children clicking their fingers towards it as they leave their homes for school - a game? A rite of passage? Pubescent transformation? More interviews. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Magnetic field? }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Sulphur? }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Technology? }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (crossed through)}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \endash  too advanced. No evidence of quantum logistics that one can see. But those damn machines!  I know that they exist!}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Magic? Proven in Avalon (Faerie) though there affected only one's mind, not geography itself \endash  consistent with Prospero's Law. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reminder: Samples tomorrow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 A small, scribbled map of the town, and a point marked with a cross out to the west, and a small drawing of a deep pool surrounding a small island, with a picture of iron-clad boots, a harpoon and a lobster pot next to it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}