{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I cannot understand how I have been here nearly a month and have never heard of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 K!K!K!, the sport which everyone seems to adore but never watches, or speaks of, especially not to outsiders. It appears the 'season' is upon us, and now I cannot traverse Main Street without incessant caterwauling reaching me from the tavern and from shop fronts of current players, fashions and gambles, all taking place upon a pitch that they nor I have ever seen, yet takes up more area than the town itself. Why they are forbade from spectating is utterly mystifying. They string great banners between the street-lights and across the narrow alleys of the Old Quarter, showing a wavering line traversing trees and ending in a lineal maze that seems to have no significance other than itself. There are strange, shelled jellies on sale by the dozen, wrapped in quilting that are sold from stalls that seem to have transferred via osmosis from the slum flats, and the hawkers are quite extraordinary; fat grandfathers whose lower arms are completely obscured by a clear membrane, as if they have been birthing a calf and quite enjoyed the affectation. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The name is indeed strange, even by the standards of this singular place; I do wonder if they have any knowledge of what such a name would mean to anyone of wider travel and historic interest. I have asked several people as to its true meaning, and am told that it is something like a command, or an announcement. The closest approximation I can find in the town library's records is the phrase \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mother Is Asleep\u8221\'94. Such an ejaculation, as usual, is to me senseless; I tire of this town's impenetrability. Nonetheless, the game seems to strike some sort of happy panic amongst them, and I cannot ignore it any longer. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Neither Friend, nor her father, nor the Mayor, would tell me anything interesting about it, either sworn to secrecy or ignorant of its intricacies. It seems the only person willing to speak to me is Spider's Nest In Barn. He told me that there was very little documentation on the sport (as seemed to be his answer for everything; I sometimes wonder why the town bothers maintaining a library at all), and that as an outsider I was unlikely to understand it, and that I should really just go back to my apartment and stop questioning everyone; people had enough to worry about. The old fart was being rather rude, and after more questioning, and a short disciplinary dig into his flat foot, he relented, and began to tell me what he knew. He told me little, perhaps not the whole truth, but enough to make it worthwhile. His knowledge seems archaic and mostly obsolete by the standards of others. It is a game quick to evolve, and bewildering even to those who had been brought up with it. However, I found myself much more capable than the librarian gave me credit for. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab From what I gathered the sport is less a competition and more a mass theatrics, albeit theatrics that no-one but the players witness; I had seen similar rituals in Pyongyang, but never at this scale or with this absurdity. Apparently, depending on who one asks, it began as a simple ball game amongst the youth of the town, who liked to disappear into the forest for days at a time; sanctioned legend says that it was one of several gifts passed down to the people by some dimly-remembered faqir named Whisper. I am surprised that a town of such proportions and apparent civilisation would still put such stock in prehistoric ideals; there is a poetic there, but one that even I find abhorrent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Nowadays the game of an arenal, a series of challenges to be overcome by the participants on an individual basis; much like that of the Moroccans in Rome, or Minos' contests, though far greater in scale and ambition than these or anything I have witnessed. Everything about it warbles change, mutability, and the unpredictable. The season is announced at a seemingly random time (which explains my entire ignorance of the thing until now), and the prospective players can apply to the Mayor, in person, to take part in the match. Though I am unsure as to the selection procedure, if they are accepted they must pledge to leave behind their ordinary lives and devote themselves to the game, for however long it lasts. Again, this is an unknown figure; games, he says, can continue for years. I asked where such lack of observation and stricture comes from; I explained that where I was born, rules and restrictions were very much a part of life. Spider seemed very interested, asking me more about my home, whether anyone killed themselves, whether women were allowed outside, and seemed to chew on the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93police\u8221\'94 like it was arcane, something that gave him power. I still have not seen any evidence of law enforcement here; whether this is a quaint anachronism or genuine harmony no-one will tell me, at least with any coherence. The people of Loss are quick to laugh, though much of what they tell me, no matter how ridiculous, is accompanied by stony gravity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I pressed for more details on the game itself, how it is played, but was met with incomprehension and bewilderment. I asked if anyone would ever try to sneak into the pitch, to see it with their own eyes. Spider waved this idea away, saying that people were happy, and always would be. He is a very stupid man, sometimes. I do not think he has ever met a young person, perhaps not even when he was young himself. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab He was ruffled and ill-tempered by this point; he was not good at company, and even less good with books (I have seen him eat gruel over an open manuscript, and I felt like screaming when a splash oozed its way into the spine). He told me that it was mainly young men that were picked; I also learnt that I was living with two former players, the serious young men Discovering Leprosy and Love For All Gods; he called them buffoons and fond of women, but admitted that they had been great players, in their day. I have made a note to arrange an interview with them. This is next to useless. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab As I have already mentioned the pitch is forbidden to everyone but match officials and the players themselves. I remembered my first day, high on scree with the Mayor spluttering and gifting me laryngitis as I breathed in minty air and saw the leviathan forest that stretched past where I could clearly see, the bottle-green canopy broken occasionally by an alien shape, as if an ecosystem had grown in some vast rustling ocean that I was not privy to, a slice having been dropped and fossilised in rarefied alpine climes. I made a resolution to hike to the forest edge, to see, as they say, what I could see. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It was late by then, and Spider was mumbling into his chest, occasionally fiddling at his conical, downy skull, constricted \endash  I imagine \endash  by his mother's thrifty womb. It looked like he was slowly slurrying into his waistcoat, as it often does when old men grow weary. He was mumbling about a herald, a town crier, a trumpeter, and at this I started in my reverie and questioned him, prodding him from eventual sleep. He gestured at the window and pointed away to the southwest, up a trio of mountains that had grown clenched, almost tense together, as if seeing something on their far side that we would not know. Through the mounting dark I could see the nerves that the lights in a house make, far up in the mountains, alone and almost monastic. Finally, it was explained! What had woken me at dawn every day since my arrival, that atavistic nuisance which made me think of trolls and long tunnels in the earth, but the town crier. Apparently he announced and closed the games with a great yodelling trumpet constructed into the roof of his quarters. He appeared to announce everything else in town as well. Perhaps he announces his own bowel movements. The frequency of his blasts, so to speak, would attest to this. Spider said that the man had a door that led out into the world from his house. That he peered through it, and called back down for others to follow him, but that his invitations were lost in the wind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I bid Spider goodnight; he is growing tired of me. I doubt I will gain much more from him. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0}