{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I visited the kitchen of a famous chef today\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Doubthood Becomes :/// 000998834893 Standard Eremite Entry Format - ://Personal Response: Given the date and data there is much to be distrusted. The fanciful ingredients alone render it moot.\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . She may be the worst chef I have ever met. I believe these recipes were what caused the only real sickness I have had in all my time in Loss. They were a special, darling sort of disgusting - the musk of eggs and rollmops in milk rolled downhill in rusty barrels previously used to store the knotted viscera of Timur's conquests. Cat Caught In Griddle is very old, and very small, and seems to have a point about herself where gravity collects, a dint in some hidden magnet. She gathers there, and apparently was once very beautiful. I cannot see the genealogy of such beauty. She keeps a great, round room in the First Loss, the only one that is occupied, high in the penthouse from which she winches meals down to the field children who wait there like cats. There are no lifts, and I blinked rubber-sweat from my lashes as I loped up to Room E967. The interior of this scimitared profile is a familiar bastion of panelled wood and long, low rooms with no furniture; Friend says that it has all been used for scaffolding. Before I ascended I noted that above the reception desk, unmanned and covered in tarpaulin, was a portrait; the man posing, though it was impossible, was Abraham Lincoln, shaking hands with someone beyond the frame. His clothes were different, much smoother, dyed and whorled, and like something a mage would wear. He bore a wide smile, and looked around thirty or forty. It couldn't have been him, but there is still a nagging doubt in the pit of my stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I was told that Cat Caught likes sweet tastes, and light fragrances, and so I bought her gifts from the odd confectioners in the old town; there are a pair of them, Weak And Goud\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and apparently it is a most venerable law that customers cannot shop in one alone, but must spend money in both. I brought her beet-toffees from one and a black liquid, sealed in a clear bag, from the other. They have great signs shaped like war-arrows that point to their competitor, inviting people to enter, and placards that change daily, singing the praises of their partner in balladic tones. A very odd edict.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Her quarters occupy the entire top floor of the hotel, and from under the door infiltrated a base, churned odour, a smell of sex. She answered my knock, and did not greet me, or shake my hand, but merely beckoned me inside. My first impression was that there seemed to be little food in the old woman's home, though the apartment was dominated by the largest Mother Kiln I had ever seen, larger even than the canteen-denizens of the worker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s huts, gross with furred grease, a bronze tongue lapping from her dot of a mouth. I was close enough to examine the protuberance at the base of the Kiln; the hands of the relief were moulded into grasps, and they were in position at each side of the tap, as  I realised it was. I was under no illusion any more; this mother was a war-father, an angry ravisher, and her proud member defied all those who, like myself, proscribed gender upon her. Cat Caught told me, opening her mouth for the first time, that she was only living here until her husband came home. I wondered how they transported the kiln up here - there is no dust around its base, and there are hand-prints in the patina.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The old cook took bowls from a rack above the kiln and put them under the tap;  a soupy fluid, tiny elements suspended in each drip, percolated down. I realised that the meat that they cooked in these ovens for days at a time were merely like the shells of acorns, syrupy amphora for fat. This was boiled out and collected in some hidden reservoir, to be used as soup, as stock, as cooking oil; every dish she told me of used it in some way. Fat is important to them, a practical ubiquity and a social lubricant in the very literal sense. She cooked me lye balls for lunch, taking great scoops of fat down from wood tubs and throwing them into a glowing pan. There was some insult of gods. She cooks a separate dish for her statue of a god of premature ejaculation, and then takes it behind a screen, and re-emerges some minutes later, re-arranging her smock and mixing it with a willow-stick. I am used to such behaviour by now. She gave me a bowl which I dug into to simulate eating. When I left she forced me to take it home, though I threw it into the river as soon as I could, where perhaps it formed the basis of a nightmare-tradition for crustaceans. The smell was in my mask for days. I longed to hang it out my window. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stole these from her cookbook to feed my worst enemies and their children and the grandchildren of their children.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (The following is presented on torn notebook pages, in a hand very small and neat. The pages are splattered with food). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Oh Carbonate! Oh Carbonate!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 - No socks or shoes}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 - Cat gut (To The C-Word!)}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 - Ice, Crushed, Assorted Flavours}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 - Rye (15 husks)}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Place the rye in your pocket least-used, put on your no-socks before your no-shoes, the ice must be placed in a bag at your brow, and on the gut pluck out the song of the Now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guests should be seated at this point.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 First Course}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LYE BALLS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For twelve guests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 10 Onions, Field Or Cave}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 12 Radishes}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 10 Beet}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 15 Scatterbird Fillets, Or 1 Abbot Breast (Diced)}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 12 Quarts Of One\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Own Fat, Or From A Lover\u8217\'92s Middle (Reduced To Silkiness)}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 6 Pinches Of Paprika}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Various Rock Salts}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Brandy}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Springwater}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Cow Cream (An Unholy Jugful)}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Breast fat, especially from sad girls, is probably the best \endash  a three month diet of liver and courgette flowers will produce the silkiest lipid. The arms of a Slender Man\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Doubthood Becomes ://// 000099833495 Standard Eremite Entry Format ://Personal Response: Another chimaera that he has conveniently forgotten to mention before?\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , plucked fresh and exorcised, is a worthy substitute in the summer months when bulk is nowhere to be found.  The scatterbird dicings should be sliced, drowned in whiskey, and then boiled for three months to reduce to a golden syrup. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fry the onions, beetroot, and radish, mix the cream and springwater to a jealous paste, and introduce the brandy and rock salts. Pour on the hot fat and set before moulding into balls and finishing in the oven. Serve on fluted plates facing West. The paprika is for your own tongue.}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Second Course}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ECLIPSE PIE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A summer dish.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Use as much of each ingredient as you can find.}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Pastry}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flour}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Butter}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Water}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milk}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shortening}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Filling}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marmoset (A Whole Pack, To Reduce Distress)}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doggerel}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hound (Any Kind)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Goblin Whale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warhound (To Be Stored Separately From Other Hounds To Reduce Spoilage And Massacre)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spices And Herbs Pertaining To Your Family History}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cages, Thick Bars, Strong, Assorted}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mix the pastry and spread, as a base, from the West To The West, throughout the whole valley. Build up the walls, using palisades if necessary, and finally place the lid with great ceremony, remembering to pierce air-holes as one goes. The crimps should hug the tree-line. The meat, still living, should be rubbed with the herb mix using brooms and mops and kept in secure cages.  The temperature will be high enough after two months, and the meat ready to eat after four months. Divide the dish by family, or dynasty. The glacier will store any leftovers for at least a century.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Third Course}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 THE APOCALYPSE CHAMBER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An allegory of the End Times, created in the heart of an ox. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ox must be old, and melancholy; four days in a cellar will help this. A lack of sunlight is vital; ultraviolets will broil the dish beyond repair. Feed the ox for three weeks on sugar, marrow syrup, melted butter and sibilant jelly.  The animal may well die; if not, slaughter it and speak for it and embrace it for a week. Cut it in half, and remove the veins and capillaries, laying them out separately and ordered, though still attached to the heart. Now the kneading must begin. This can take a further two weeks, less with help; one must begin with the capillaries and their fronds, moulding the contents back towards the heart. A good technique is necessary, otherwise the mix will separate and be absorbed. As the capillaries empty, rub the tertiary, then the secondary, and the primary veins until the arteries closest to the heart are full to dripping. The heart must then be packed to capacity. After this, pluck the heart from the now-desiccated network. The heart should  be oiled, wrapped in grease-paper, packed with soil and submerged in water for a further week. Serve the heart to no more than four people, with tree-sap to dip. It should never be served to foreigners, for fear of their own hearts finding too much peace in the allegory. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After dinner, a trek to the Feeble Zeniths, along with processions of trumpeting, costumes and sweet dill, has been proven to aid digestion and memory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}