{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bad day at every turn. Friend has been in some sort of state for a few days; whether it is  Charybdis stirring things once again, or I have actually done something wrong, I do not know. I can recall nothing. Women, wherever they are and whoever they pray to and whatever they stick through their areola, are all the same. I bought her a present from the small souvenir shop in the First Loss Hotel, and wrote her something of my own. Even this won't bring her around; she accepted it with a tight smile, and went back up to her room. I do wonder if there is someone else, a little backwoods boy that guffaws when she lets him sniff her. The weather is appalling, a sort of wet mist, and I can see nothing from my window. I resolved to try and speak to Spider's Nest In Barn; if he was still in his filthy mood I believed that I could torment some answers out of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Surprisingly, as he made the library door materialise, he was perfectly happy. Whether he feeds on misery and mist like some sort of celibate incubus I do not know. It is not a wild theory; he is a pathetic fallacy that confounds all. He was very willing to speak to me, and I thought it was as good a time as any to ask more about K!K!K!. It had been a keen subject all over town recently, but I was not privy to any match gossip. He seemed to be polishing a photograph, but would not let me see, and locked it away in an armoire before sitting with me before a table, across which was scattered the library's paltry offerings on the sport, like a man with too little hair to cover his skull.   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab According to one }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Laytunt Pracsees Of Noball Sport}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , its author unknown and its spine cracked, the pitch is completely surrounded by thickets of evergreen woodland, a First Age crop that seems to be almost prehistoric in genesis. I asked to see a map of the layout, but was told that the mayor had the only copy, and used it as a doodle pad to improve cogitation in key matters. I balked at this irresponsibility, but Spider said that it was in fact rather encouraged; any changes that the Mayor made to the map during his term would be added, in actual construction, to the pitch for the next season's match. Only the Mayor, however, knows of the whole geography of the arena, and the labourers are blindfolded and fiercely guarded when actually building these impulsive structures. He told me of Buying Groceries In The Sun, a rather clumsy burgher of a hundred years or so ago, who set his wet coffee mug down and inadvertently added a vast arena to the north-east of the pitch. Apparently the thing took three years to build, and the workers were sworn to utter secrecy, with some actually being dragged to execution for refusal to keep silent. Any such change to the pitch, or the rules, is usually a celebrated happen-stance, and is to be taken very seriously, though the populace must be jubilant from a distance, watching the silent green mass of the pitch edge from across fields and through the filter of pure rumour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The players are divided into two teams, though it is entirely unnecessary; each player is awarded far more aplomb if he works on his own, and is encouraged to lie to and deceive everyone he encounters in the field, even his own team-mates. When I asked Spider what the point was of calling the groups \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93teams\u8221\'94, or even having groups at all, Spider responded by retreating going to boil us bones for tea in a tiny samovar in his cubby, and leaving me with two thin pamphlets, both coloured with shellac. They seemed to be a pair \endash  the front cover of one showed a network of veins, leading the page and continuing on the next pamphlet, where they became connected to a set of legs, amputated at the waist yet seemingly in jubilant motion, skipping along a dirt road amongst finely detailed trees. I did wonder if authors and artists in this place were reluctant, embarrassed even, to autograph their work; art, here, is treated much like a penchant for cats and selective gardening was viewed when Richard was king.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Below I have included a sketch of a K!K!K! Player found pressed into one of the pamphlets, showing him in total arraignment. The kit itself is simple; light cotton smocks, braces to hold it all up, or in, in the case of the fat ones, more like the gym wear of a child than anything else. The player's names are emblazoned in heralds across their chests; their names, in fact, the only thing that the players are not allowed to lie about whilst playing the game; Spider states that anyone found to have obscured their chests, with mud or their clothing whilst playing, is dealt with most harshly. The amulets and fetishes strung about the example below are personal taste, and vary from player to player; as always, K!K!K! players take their superstition seriously enough. Mobility is often impaired by the triptychs, illuminated images, necklaces, pendants and scrolls secreted about the player's person. The staff is wreathed in lightning strips, though I found this no surprise; these symbols are fast becoming tiresome in their ubiquity. The hood and boots, in the shape of a bird's talons and beak, are personal to the player depicted, a certain philanderer of several generations past, a Yipping Dogs Bellied Sun who was forced into the game, so the text states, to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93soothe his underside with a lack of caves and glut of trees and air.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I have found other players, and their costumes, in further illustrations, incorporating elements of mythology, zoology and even gastronomy as sartorial inspiration. One particular example had his entire head covered by a elephantine gland, arching out over his back and constantly dripping steam from his panting breath. There were scratches in the paper beside the drawing.\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The small sphere tied at the waist is called the Cerebellum Clandestin, and seems the most important part of the game. Within is contained, on a spiralling, microfilmic canvas, the entire life story of the player, in excruciating detail, down to the last minuscule action, related to an independent official in a long series of talks before the player even begins a match. I am not even sure what it would be used for, though, I suppose, that is down to the player entirely. I should love to get my hands on one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I asked Spider if he had any more books. The secrecy and lack of exposure is maddening. He completely ignored the questions, passing me a mug of grey gristle and water, and asked me whether I had met the Mayor's wife yet. I took this to be a joke, or an insult, and tried to ask him what he meant, but he told me that he had to tidy up, and took my mug back from me, pointing to the door. I noticed that a complicated series of pulleys and ropes lifted the whole wall panel free with a swiftness that belied its primitive construction, and noiselessly the menhir was gone, and I was outside.  and made my excuses and left. The mist had resolved itself into rain, and great sheets of it undulated over to the west, wetting the treetops of the pitch and waking its denizens, ready for the players to be announced, or to disappear. I must try and speak to the two men from my building; they might be willing to actually tell me something useful.  }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}