{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 The Hidden Press}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following has been stencilled into the notebook, the scriptural font copied in running ink:}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs32\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 Brought to us by the benefaction of that priest and guide}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs32\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 His Highness Peter Parley}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 (Here is found a rough approximation of Samuel Griswold Goodrich)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 THIS MUST BE BY WRIT}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs32\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 THE HIDDEN PRESS}
\par\plain \f1\fs32\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 IN HISTORY COMMISSIONED BY MOST UNHOLY WHISPER}
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 IN THE YEAR THAT WE ARRIVED IN THE HOME FOR HATRED AND HE DEPARTED FROM US IN A COLUMN OF STEAM, HOOTING. }
\par\plain \f1\fs32\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 BEING THE FIRST AND ONLY BOOK OF ALL BOOKS, THAT BEING ALL NECESSARY, WITH ONLY ONE PROPHECY, THE FIRST PROPHECY AND THE ONLY ONE THAT, IN THE END, PERHAPS MATTERS}
\par\plain \f1\fs32\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 THE VERSE RUNS. WE DIE }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs32\b1\i0 ETERNALLY SO THAT THE GODS MAY NOT HAVE US.}
\par\plain \f1\fs32\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 For MAN was perverted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 For MAN was sacred. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 For MAN was gross.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 For MAN sired mothers.}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 When the beginning was merely a poem in the tonsils of man-augurs there was MAN. We dove sonorous, and rose gracious. Our eyes rollicked with the plains-factory of pulleys the might of mountains, and these pulleys winched light into pupils the un-size of black holes.}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs32\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 Time was thrown backward at each step, and so we was still. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And we was the colour of a wall of none, and quasars formed when we rubbed against our brothers on those few occasions when we shook hands. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 We had warts, and we call these suns after the love we felt. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And our brain was a deep-precinct, a complex of thousands of markets of blinking gas-civilisations. Here life was. And in this life there was worry, and in that worry perfection fell. And so MAN was betrayed by himself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And so MAN did betray himself, and doubt that which he had made. We wished to rest, and though we rested we found no time to rest again.}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs32\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 We wished friends that were not like us. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 We wished MAN to have his equals.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 Oh, how great we were, how kind and humble. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 Hear our warning, and the tearing of vacuum as we weep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And so it happened, hear this, it happened, that half of MAN tore off their tails, the seat of them, and hurled them into the void, and these tails became the gods, and they were fatty and small, with the nugget of gristle that we bear in the commonest of sewers. }
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs32\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 This is what others called them, bringing them to the level of the most underdeveloped node in the mind of the Great Retard. We call them, instead, }{\f1\fs32\b1\i0 (the following long word is crossed out, seemingly in the original text).}
\par\plain \f0\fs32\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 Here WHISPER joins us. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 He is not WHISPER.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 He was merely one of us then, and in him was such a reactor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And so it was that he called the gods poor in spirit and wealth, and named them enemy. But he would not be heeded. }
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 Hear our warning, and the slapping of our backs as we weep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 But the gods were fatty and small, and many, and dark against the dark of night. And with no warning war was made, and stars winked out, and the crown was stolen. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 The Abdication was short, and the crown was black and now it is white in their small hands, bleached by erosion and the dying of us. }
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs32\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And so it was that the gods murdered us. Their chatter was reason and it stung us. Their barbs were small but they grew colonies in our innards and our atoms and waged war there. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And those Long Men who had given their tails threw ourselves at the void; we grew our hair long and wore chains spun with bulging novae around our chests. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs32\b0\i0 We would now die. We would now birth the next line of man; though they were webby and red with stuff when they were birthed. We were disgusted. We were disgusting.}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs32\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 Hear our warning, and the death of us as we weep. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And thus we were murdered, and our blood fell as fire and water to the new earth and the new moon, and scarred them and turned them liquid. The moon now sulks, barely a child, and not yet a man, nursing his wounds that will heal. Man bless the Teenage Moon and his moods.}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs32\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And so MAN fled to this Earth, and shrunk himself to wedge into the caverns and calderas that now were the ground. The fire moved in rivers and MAN squabbled in his new, childish form, giving us death and the fear of death. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 We began to die, and reason\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 //:17953023CSDN \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Superstition pertains to ostracising reason - Grade 12 God Complex.\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0  made it so.}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs32\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 We will miss the MAN, for we are too poor to be named so. We are only man.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And then so it was that WHISPER joined us, disguised and small amongst his people. And he gathered those of us he loved (for he loved not everyone, and hated many) and led them to a ring of fire that spat and died; and from this fire and WHISPER'S deep breath a mountain formed, and another, and another, and like battlements they grew and hid us. The gods amused themselves tossing their new ash-crown from head to head, and the shadow hid us at last.}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs32\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And so he told us this story, that we may read it to our young. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And so he built us houses that we may be closer to home.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And so he taught us lies that our speech may hide us. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And so he taught us sport that we may be the past still and walk as far as we may.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And he made us statues of the oldest phlegm behind our pendulum that we may blow smoke into their faces, when we have cleared our throats.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And so he taught us language that we may shout inside it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 And so the white crown sees the land and all it has made, and yet it does not see us.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 May the white be black again. May man be MAN. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 May we have our throne back. May the gods fail their lovers and be lonely. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 May outsiders be damned. May man be MAN. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 May we never be friends with the world, or those in it, and may they never harm us. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs32\b0\i0 Hear our warning, and the tearing of vacuum as we weep. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0}