{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-ItalicMT;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldItalicMT;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Friend has spent much of the last month with me; it is a rare day that I do not see her. The girl is pleasing to sit with; she does not ask me many questions of the outside world, and is content to tell me what she knows of her town and her home. However, though she is lovely to look at she is quite stupid, and what she knows is very little. Perhaps it is just that she is young. She tells me that she is three hundred, and is prone to laughter followed by murmuring storm-fronts of anger that seem to last for true aeons, over the most trivial things \endash  a stubbed toe, myself letting a door shut behind me before she has followed.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We spend hours on the fourth floor tributary. I once stepped into the stream to investigate the hatch from which the water pours \endash  I know that the river, nameless and a trickle as it enters the canals of the residential district, flows into the building at ground level; a great roar is heard at the cistern, and the sound of cogs and gears, and then this, a lazy brook that meanders across the high floor of the flat. The wood beneath my feet was varnished and pitted with purple algae that sprouted heads of water broccoli. Someone has planted chicory in long rows, and Friend lets her pet rodent, a mouse-like thing that materialises every few days, scurry about the raised beds, pecking. She seems to wear the same clothes everyday, yet they remain so clean! A green slip, floral, tied with Long Men Tails, jagged so that they press into the little hump of her stomach. I imagine they leave little divots like the feet of robins. I should like scratch them in that way that make her toes crinkle. It is quite odd to think of the uses that these makeshift genitals have; they adorn the waists of girls, the thresholds of shops, and the nets of the fishermen. I have yet to unravel the rather odd relationship the town has with the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Long Men\u8221\'94; that is to say, as my research has shown me, women. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab She is small, and I imagine we look quite comical, strolling through town, a golem and his slender rabbi. Her eyes are very, very dark and she has a broad face, a face made for tattoos or scarification, and she has hair on her forearms, the sign of true beauty. Her teeth are bad, and she hides them, scowling usually, a twitch in her lip pulsating. Her breasts already have some of the hang that they could keep for the rest of her days, and my attempts at lust have a flavour of maintenance about them; I aim to provide lift. She grows her nails long and tries to hide smiles when she breaks them. I think she likes the noise they make. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We went to meet her father at work the other day; the graveyard is past the Old Town and is burrowed into its own patch of wilderness, past a fence tied with Long Men's Tails and wildgrass between two homes that are connected by a bridge of overhead rungs at the height of the second floor. On the dusty path we passed small yurts, wreaths of smoke coming from them; naked men emerged periodically and ran into the woods, yelling. My questions went unanswered; she is too young to know what they do. Friend tells me that these parts are the home of huge, venomous spiders that wreak terrible havoc on the colonies of mice that burrow under the tree bark. I have never seen them. Someone had hung salmon, dried and many years old, in the branches of some of the larger trees. I smell carrot, rich and almost radioactive in its intensity, and I know that it is wild and black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We reached a set of simple gates, created from ancient pollards that had grown into thick barriers. A rope hung there, tied with a stone for weight, and as we pulled it the gate rose, clicking and chirruping its way into notches cut to hold it. The path is cobbled here, the grass spongey and lush in that way that points to frequent digging. The graveyard is a deep hollow cut into the valley floor many years before, and part of the mountain that rears above it. How the townspeople made such a depression without heavy machinery is beyond me; but I am learning not to question everything that I see here. I have plenty of time to find where they keep the trebuchets and cranes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Friend's father was eating bacon by the rasher in his hut. A dirty spade rested against him, clanging as his leg jumped to some interior beat. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The graveyard has as much of a deliberate topography as the residential district; some of the steles and tombs rise many storeys, crowned with dioramas of winged men, women gripping swords, and gods with minuscule genitalia. The writing on them, both the Tachygraph and Latinate script, were many feet high, and whirled and dipped into each other like a debate between simpletons. Here is a great geometric legacy, one which I cannot interpret. The only word that makes any sense to me is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93cough\u8221\'94, repeated at several key architectural points in these }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 tholos}{\f0\fs22\b0\i0 -}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 structures.  }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab A huge, reclining man is carved in a single piece basalt near the centre of the compound, leaning into a crouch as if he is about to spring at the mountain, to tackle it back below ground. Deep in his perineum is the tell-tale weathering of many hands thrust in superstition, and embossed letters spell out CHERNOBOG.\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Inaccuracy:// REF 80GFIO110::/ \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u1063\'3F\u1077\'3F\u1088\'3F\u1085\'3F\u1086\'3F\u1073\'3F\u1086\'3F\u1075\'3F\\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f3\fs24\b1\i1  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f4\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Black God\u8221\'94 - West Slav Denomination 12DWQ\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mr. Light barked at me not to wander, as it was not right that I should even be in such a place. Through the morning fog I could see terraces rising up the mountain, obelisks and crypts widening into great complexes, much like at Karnak or Thebes; however, here and there wild hares ranged between the plots, and the grass is lush and thick. There was a sweet smell on Mr. Lights breath, and all around me. He had hung rows of phylacteries, white and black, on copper railings around his hut, and I finally asked what they were for. He looked at me with something approximating acceptance, perhaps for the only time in our acquaintance, and told me that some people take a pinch of the grave dirt with them after they have buried their dead; it is worn on the arm or the forehead, and consulted for key decisions and celebrations. This really leaves me none the wiser, though the perceived importance of his task is clearly what buoys him up; he seems like a man that could sag at any moment. I told him of the Jews having a similar practice, and he looked quizzical and nervous, as if he had been told that the meat he ate at dinner was human flesh. Friend finished talking to her father, and, quite amazingly, they shook hands; queerer and queerer! As we left I asked her why she had done what she had done; she took my hand, then, for the first time, and told me that she had said goodbye. She was treating me like an idiot. I asked her if she kissed her father, or if he kissed her, and she slapped me lightly on the shoulder, as far up as she could reach, and dragged me back towards town, where we bought strange meat. I asked her if she knew what a kiss was. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 There are a number of scratchings of figures and equations, and a mysterious chemical diagrams, showing bonds, valencies, elements and constant calendars of time passed and time still to pass. The scratchings are desperate and panicked. From this point on in the diary they begin to appear in the margins of entries, on the backs of maps and drawings, and inside the suitcase itself. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1}