{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As far as I can glean from the texts that I have read,  the ceremonial tongue of Loss, which has no name (but for definition's sake will be called the Tachygraph), is one of the most brusque and yet expressive linguistic systems I have ever come across. It is quite different from the whale song of Ys, or the windy cancer-chatter of the Golden Temple. There is no waifness, no lightness of carriage across the tongue\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Ref:://7970932232434 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Truthful Exception\u8217\'92. Proceed with caution.\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . There are better halloos across the kingdoms; the spriggan were much fairer in speech than the dour folk I now co-habit with, especially when talking of their lower halves or war. But, as a language, the Tachygraph has its higher uses, especially in festival; the people of Loss usually speak excellent English, with a complete absence of accent. I had expected some shallow gutter tongue, designed for smaller lungs and cross-bred larynx (it is now evident to me that these people generally keep their morning-star close to the gauntlet, as it were; the most backward of them can barely breathe, yet are gifted tall, stately homes along the river from which they bellow and drip piss onto passers-by). In one of my interviews with the Mayor I asked him how the people of the valley came to use English as its tongue; were it not for the surroundings we could be in the hawthorn and cricket brush of Surrey. He waved the query away with an arachnoid digit, nearly catching my gas filter with his too-sharp nails, reciting this poem out onto his courtyard lawn where his son was playing with a curious instrument that whirled and spun:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 One tongue, one tongue, one tongue, one tongue, one tongue, one tongue, one tongue, one tongue!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Whisper brings us invisible ghosts to hold.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 One tongue, one tongue, sky-rung, one tongue, one tongue, sky-rung, one tongue, one tongue!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 That teach us to speak like maggots on mold}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Teach gash to speak. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Our lips are our wounds}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 And our teeth the larvae.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We open the stitches }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 And out comes the marvels. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Again, lies, misdirection, appalling verse, and glowering, spoilt silence.  The basic roots of it all obviously reside in their absurd cosmology, though I have had no chance to discover how far their mistrust and evasiveness goes. The Mayor, of himself, is a liar, but a pleasant one, a fellow bibliophile and artisan \endash  out there, beyond the elm windowpane and creamy glass he has had a small oak cloven in two in his garden, creating a space large enough for a small person. He constantly threatens his son that he will shut him up in there until his twentieth birthday; he makes for a fat Ariel, though. When I ask him of Death's father, he smiles before a gross melancholic sets in, and he starts to tap at the doors, the doors that lead to the organs of his life, his quarters and the bedroom of his son and missing wife. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It seems that though English is their communication, with little to distinguish it in its usage, the Tachygraph is really all their own. The letter pattern is very limited. In any other place I would have said that they were too few, that no true understanding could have originated from such a bare tree. But this is Loss, and I am loath to attempt science when there is an air of confoundment that hangs around me like gas. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab This research comes from the Mayor's library, larger than that of the town, though I returned the books before they were missed. Unlike English, or many other Latinate languages, the Tachygraph does not have names for the letters themselves; the people of Loss find spelling very difficult, almost an existential crisis; for them, letters exist on their own, and cannot possibly be described using other letters. I am inclined to see their point of view. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 (These symbols are set out almost like illuminated manuscripts; they only slightly resemble the symbols used here to represent them).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs48\b0\i0 !}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This, on its own, denotes surprise, beginnings, birth, sexual intercourse, art, farming and lightning, amongst other things. It seems to be considered something of a Prime Letter, if any such thing exists. Katyayana would have been almightily pleased that his theories were in practice somewhere in or of the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs40\b0\i0 ?}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The letter above represents confectionery, the Universe, debate,  grief, etc. It is often used with the previous symbol to denote importance or confusion, and is, on its own, a malaprop; its use comes from the similarity, in sound, to an alingual cry of grief. As if acquiescing to such a tradition, it can be similar to the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93eheu\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93ahem\u8221\'94 in usage; an elemental expression, the scream or the grunt of a flood victim. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs40\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is used for apocalypse, insects, crime, death and children. Often people describe this symbol as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93lonely\u8221\'94, and I have seen it drilled into manhole covers and on the rear walls of public buildings. }
\par\plain \f0\fs40\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs40\b0\i0 K }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is used for departure, athletics, war, festivals and technology. Often written in rapid succession, such as in the game K!K!K!; the most extensive use I have found is the term to describe heterosexual marriage, which, amongst other letters, has 26 of these in its structure. Death of a Friend tells me that marriage is often avoided to avoid having to use this word at the ceremony, though I don't believe her. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I insisted on calling this \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the star\u8221\'94 for several weeks, much to the chagrin of the townspeople. The worst reaction was from Hammer And Black Thumb, the dentist. He seemed to have a special fondness for the letter, calling me an \u8220\'93iconoclast\u8221\'94, amongst worse things. It is used for official documents, medical matters, the sea, mythology and gods. The mayor\u8217\'92s ring is carved with one.  }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs40\b0\i0 ()}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These are actually a pair of letters, though I have never seen one used without the other. Obviously, these are used to represent twins, duality, pairs or opposites, though their meaning is more complex than this. They can also mean loneliness (though I am told that it is a different kind of loneliness from that represented by the other symbol), singularity, or footwear, tumours or illness in general, or port duties and tax. The sole of every shoe has them cut into the grip. They appear to me like a mouth, kissing the earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs40\b0\i0 A\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Censor:// 0000000001 Signed: Level 16 Designation K.A.F.K.A\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f0\fs40\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 (This letter\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s appearance is irrelevant - it is crossed through many times).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93ohm\u8221\'94 of the Tachygraph. I have seen it afforded no prime status but I believe it to be the most holy symbol of the Tachygraph \endash  it is used extremely rarely, and with the same reverence that the transubstantiationalists place in wine and polythene. My only real encounter with this letter, and its use, came when I was helping the cinema workers reel in their screen from the river, keeping it clear of the icebergs; they were singing as they dragged, in long, single vowels repeated\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ref::// 738673QW \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Personal Note\u8221\'94::// Vowels and consonants seem a foreign concept to this tachybet, and so the Eremite seems incorrect in designating them status. We have no audio recording of the Loss dialect being spoken, and so can only speculate as to its full lexicon and its spoken complexities. If this is a fabrication, it is a lazy one.\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . When I then merely deigned to ask them what they were singing, they began laughing and slapping me about the back and shoulders, while I tried to help them! I immediately dropped my corner of the screen and left to recline under a nearby willow.  One of them came to join me, ruffled my hair and grimly stamped on a large beetle, a Pageant Weevil and full of deadly venom. He picked a small fern (see below)  that he told me would help if I ever was stung. I asked if it was to be ingested or used as a poultice, and he told me that in fact when ingested it is indeed more poisonous, and would hasten inevitable death. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab After silence as we gazed on the setting sun trying to glow through the miles of mountain rock, he said that he and his friends had been singing for their dinner. Many workers forgo meals for two or three days at a time, voluntarily, in order to keep their minds strong and focussed. When they did eat, he stated, their food was sacred to them, a reward and a fleeting pleasure that was not to be repeated for some time. The only way that he could render the practice in English was as the phrase \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the meal that comes as if a great wind had smeared it over my lips\u8221\'94. He drew the letter for me, and sung it again, alone, though his fellows looked up and grinned when they heard him. It seems to represent finality, the termination of things, the close of day, or torture, derision or greed. I was at the time unaware of the valley's aversion to traditional worship, and asked if the phrase \u8220\'93manna from Heaven\u8221\'94 came close. He lifted his foot, scraped the insect from the ground, and threw it at me, before turning to leave. I was quite startled, and flicked it with as much grace as I could into the alpine water. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 (Below this entry is a small, dried frond of fern, taped into the journal).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab There is not only a ritual aspect to the Tachygraph, but a quotidian necessity that I have discovered as well. Some of the letters are used everyday, in labyrinthine structures of tongue-work that form separate universes of un-faith for the speaker. There are warbles as stoves are prepared for breakfast, mumblings from between the ancient, cracked dice that the stooped gamblers hold in their mouths, by the orchestra (who seem unemployed for much of the year) speaking soothingly to the brass prows of their huge instruments. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Some are meaningless or insulting when spoken alone, and one or two are reserved for official business and are rarely spoken by the populace at large.  And yet there are so few! The rules as to their usage and nuances of meaning seem endless, and I doubt I shall ever understand them all. I befriended a group of nervous students on lunch-break from classes; they occasionally go for bone marrow at the butchers, or to scratch themselves under trees and sleep. Their uniforms are hair-shirts, long and cumbersome; I queried them as they shifted and itched in the heat, and they told me that the teachers make them wear them to promote distraction; in Loss, this is a key educational tool. I imagine that the poor creatures will try to think of anything other than their discomfort, and perhaps this is where genius strikes, in the red skin and endless, rustling fabric.                         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I asked one of them, saving the pips from his apple to flick at his friends,whether it would be appropriate for me to attempt to write a poem in the Tachygraph. He told me that it is really nothing to do with him. I found this quite amusing, and he asked what I thought poetry had any business being near books at all. I went alone to the library. Spider spent most of the time peering over my shoulder, gibbering and shaking his head before disappearing to stare from a newly-installed window into the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Below is my effort. The translation is my own; it felt only right that I be the one to do so. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 (The poem is presented as dual translation, with the Tachygraph on the left and the English on the right. The Tachygraph has not been reproduced here, but the lines are corrected many times, and sometimes replaced completely). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And how the gates are genius}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And how they tick-tock over our heads like Greek bingo wings}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perfumed and with ducts }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As small as the mouths of oranges}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Which are turned up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lowing like cattle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cooing like anuses}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They handle cameras}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 like animals to be drowned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I must show them}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And I accidentally catch them all,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slanted in their gateway}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if about to fall off their valley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their valley is perfumed, and they melt fat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And semen to grease nets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fish feed on tadpoles.}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her father is a hunter and fisherman.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She does not have a mother.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He fucks the Mayor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that is how it is done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am living in their building}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And I let my wood-smoke,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tin and kinetics of my burner}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wind up to her,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Covered in me}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like Rapunzel,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or Baba Yaga}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I let down hair,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Steal fingers,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rub my nakedness on the night}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And hers are on my windowsill}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like flies, like flies, like flies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The townspeople had a meeting that evening that I was not invited to, and Friend refused to read the thing or even listen to me reading it. I retired to remove my mask, though before I did so she allowed me a rub of her outer thigh for my effort. I think she may be in love with me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}