{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We shared dinner in the common room this evening; of course I had to eat alone, in my room, but as soon as I was done and had replaced my mask I joined the group. Almost the whole building was there, though the quiet man and his daughter had apparently excused themselves as soon as they had finished eating and retired for the night. Some sat and chatted about things that required frenzied hushing and fidgeting with their dinner knives and lines of salt that they eventually brought to their mouths on wet fingers, snorting at the strength. The adults drink from dented tin mugs, but the children are given slender wooden tubes that, when blown into, produce a honk that sends them into fits of giggles.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab They let the fire burn down to a shimmer in the air before disappearing. I walked Friend to her room, and she kept trying to stop me in my pace, but I was itching to speak to Discovering Leprosy and Love For All Gods about K!K!K!; they were out at harvest almost every day, and this was the first opportunity that had presented itself in weeks. When I returned and tried to rouse them to conversation they were cagey and reserved, playing at some competition that involved them slapping each others hands like schoolchildren. Most people had gone to bed. They finally finished their game, and I poured them both coffee. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Gods looked out the window, mostly, as if expecting somebody to cross the street, or perhaps sulking at his loss; it was hard to tell who had won the thing, they were both so grave. Leprosy was more open. He had done better as a K!K!K! Player, completing a match in less than ten years. Gods rose without a word and left for bed, without even nodding back at us. I saw him pocket something on his way out, something that sat heavy in his pocket. When he had shut the door Leprosy leant forward and told me that he had been dismissed from his match. I asked Leprosy to elaborate, but he refused. Their friendship is close, and mainly silent. They are, after all, farmers at heart. Though I am close to them, I'm still the Eremite. Maybe its the mask. I have been told that the children don't like it, that I look like a cow's skull on a stick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I asked Leprosy about the match itself; I still knew little of the actual mechanics. He pointed to the window, and told me that the town crier blew his horn at the start of every match, and at its close. The players are grouped at the Gables, elaborate huts that are almost like grand wickets, or an extensive warren that is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93safe\u8221\'94 in the style of Bulldog. He drew me a sketch on a scrap of paper I gifted him, though he is no artist, and I worry about his recollection; he has festooned it with fetishes, paintings of deities and sweeping beams.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (Here is found a scrap of paper stuck into the journal, with a rough approximation of a tall hut, with many flourishes in its construction). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Next the players line up, facing the tree line, the edge of the pitch, with a number of paths winding into the trees. They then sing Whisper's March, the ceremonial start of the match. It is a catchy tune, as close to an anthem as these people have, and you may often hear people whistling it as they work at meat or accounts, or hammer the beat of the middle eighth on the poles of their hoes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I set up my recording device before asking Leprosy to sing it, to provide me with something definite; out of guilt and pagan shock at seeing my device he began to recite it softly for me, barely over the whirr of the machine and the crackle of the fire, so as not to wake Kicking Sods Into The Sea, the tumour-ridden geriatric who doesn't seem to have a room in the building, but haunts the bathroom attached to the common chambers, pulling on the netty cord and playing the pipes like a marimba. He woke anyway, and grumbled and shoved us out, before returning to his sleep and his crisp toes, propped by the oven. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Retiring to my quarters, I asked Leprosy to explain the small bottle hanging from the belt of the K!K!K! player in the picture I had found; he told me that it was a vial of scatterbird blood, caught and slain at the beginning of the match and given to the players to do with as they will. I asked him what he had done with his but he had merely shook his head, prodding at my Tarot harp. The pig-headedness of these people! He has a tendency to fiddle; he is nervous, slow by personality, uncharmed by celebrity; he resolutely ignores the girls that coo after him as he goes about his day. I asked him what he did when he was let into the woods, at the start of the match. He turned to me, smiled for the first time since I had met him, and told me that he had split from the group, and run off on his own. He is a very ugly man and rebellious, scared, feeble and foolish; from what I have heard, he is the best sort of player. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab He told me about Child Sleeps Through Fire, the first ever player to win K!K!K!, nine years after Whisper had supposedly given it to the people of Loss. He said that he had seen the champion, in the woods, two months into his first match. He had been in deep woodland, he said, and he had spied a ruined castle on the next rise; something ancient, perhaps Stygian, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the very type of wrong\u8221\'94, as he so eloquently put it. It had not stopped raining in two weeks, and as he searched for a way to cross the wide, lazy tributary that blocked his path, the man had floated up the river. I asked him if he was dead, and he said that I did not understand, that the man floated above the water, like Jesu or insect striders in my mind. He trailed his feet in the water, and floated straight past Leprosy, up and around the bend of the river. The water boiled as he passed. I could imagine him, trailing ribbons of prehistoric cotton, his staff lax in one hand, his body emaciated and and pulsating with sag. It seems that there were forgotten things in the woods, things that even the Mayor did not know about, but I grew tired of wondering who was lying. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I asked him if this had happened. He told me that it had, and turned in my cubby where he had installed himself like a child allowed to stay up late. That was that. I could not ask him again. The way that the man had looked at me was enough. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I never really understood, in all that he told me, how points were scored, how rivalries were settled, whether the teams really mattered at all; he told me about the Whisper Cross-Section, the great maze, the caves, the mountain and the Aground, a huge wrecked galleon sunk into the rock and filled with spirits; all of them are challenges to be overcome. He would not tell me who, or what they contained, what armour he wore, what swords he plucked, what maidens he kissed. I told him of Friend's theories that the pitch went under the mountains, under the town, under the river, beneath our very feet. He wiped the scar on his hand, the lateral one that has the shine of a pie casing, and swore at her, softly, smiling again. He called her a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93civilian\u8221\'94, with every hatred. He too seemed to carry something. He was bent by it. He produced small nuts from his gown pocket, and as we ate we devised a game of flicking discarded shells into the corners of the small travel desk I had brought with me; the inkwells served as goals.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The game (K!K!K!, that is) seems to end if the Mayor becomes bored, if any one of numerous prophecies is fulfilled, if the sun hits the bark of a certain tree in a certain light; there are many more conditions. The town crier is notified, and he blows his trumpet again, and the players must turn back from their journey, and return to where they began; like all good heroes must, I imagine. Leprosy took me to his room and showed me his vial of scatterbird blood; it was dusty and empty. He told me that when he heard the trumpet, he was the only one who made it back; he had lain a trail of blood, winding through trees, back home. He did not wink, and I knew that there was no Grimm contained amongst the Haggard and the yellowing Munsey in the library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Those who return to the Gables, whether triumphant warrior or dejected failure, are greeted by the Comeirh, a ceremonial, costumed role. His sketch this time was subdued, his hand hesitant, and there was a fearsome mismatch of beasts, a Nemean monstrosity, raised up on stilts and furnished with four legs, tusks \endash  every protuberance imaginable. But what took me most were the eyes, and these he spent many minutes on, shading, filling with colour. They were dead, those of a puppet, this was sure; but the way that beasts can look through you was not present. They were the eyes of an accountant, of Anubis and Thoth, of a judge or your own mother, who treated you as the idiot son, the wastrel, or the runt. With all the solemnity of a Mason, he said that he was then asked to tell the Comeirh everything he had done in the forest. He had completed very few challenges, in all truthfulness; he had run, for the most part, lost, pissing in mulberry bushes. But he lied. He told the Comeirh of the Algebra Lizard, fighting haunted helmets, crossing the lake with his pole, bridges for mice, band-saws that walked and danced in great convents. It poured off of him like sweat. And he was believed. To this day he still receives gifts, letters of love, professions of admiration and endless favours from his fellow townsfolk, in an example of those minuscule religions that exist everywhere; he is like a saint, but almost opposed, the epitome of the deceit that is so integral to the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab He had nothing to drink, and it was that late, childish hour when men like to, so I led him back to my room and let him demolish my stores. I asked him about other matches, other players he had met; had he ever killed anyone? He cut me off, called me an arsehole foreigner, kissing me on the forehead; I did not think that he had drunk that much. He then climbed into my bed and fell loudly asleep. I tried to rouse him several times, but eventually left him and went walking. I climbed the building on light feet, but Friend's father was asleep outside her door, an extinguished cheroot on the floor beside him. He was dreaming of running or chasing, the way he was twitching, as a dog does. I thought it wise to go to Leprosy's bed. He had left his door unlocked, and I entered. A pile of letters was stacked on the desk, and the bed was slung with filthy clothes that blocked out the light and the husks of nuts long eaten. The desk held several rolls of maps and jars of pens, and I finally had time to study them. There were scrawls of wide ovals, burrowed penmanship, deep ink in the table, fury that he could not hide. He had scrawled names, questions, interrogations and interviews with himself into that paper. It seems that he was trying to draw the pitch from memory. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 - When he adds to the K!K!K! Map, things are not added in real life. }}