{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something has happened to Friend; her behaviour over the last week has become more and more erratic. We were parading on the board-walk today, myself taking her hand before the scandalised eyes of the basking labourers, scared to be locked indoors, and, quite without merit, as I was speaking about my theories on the pointless derma-mythologising of cartographile skin cults, she pulled her hand away, snatched my armful of books and threatened to throw them into the river if I didn't desist. It is as if she has started to hate me. She called me an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93boring old elephant\u8221\'94 without knowing what one was. I had shown her a picture once from my journals and she had shown no interest, but now she uses this to hurt me. She does not know that it is quite pointless to try. I endured the staring eyes and managed to calm her down, lightly retrieving Spider's books from her grasp, before she strode ahead, pulling the sausage I had bought her from her pinafore, where it had stained in a wide oval as if the moon was up. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We do not see the little girl and her father anymore; someone has shut their cubby and sealed it with nails. Today at breakfast I heard the sound of heavy machinery from the other side of the building, and the walls shook and dislodged dynasties of insects like mobiles of spare legs above my head. I thought that I would finally see the Byzantine mechanics that these people hide from me, but I was waylaid by old Kicking Sods, who blocked my path with an old broom and began asking for passwords and hexes and other such nonsense. By the time I got outside there was no more noise, and no tracks in the small gardens that rim the apartment blocks; I was defeated once more, and I also saw that the missing pair's room, their entire apartment, had been ripped from the building, as smoothly as one selects eggs from a shelf. I had only seen this once before, after the funeral of an old woman from a neighbouring building a month ago; it seems that at every turn these people confound me, demolishing whatever I can build of sense. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab My fears are constantly assuaged by those I meet; that the illnesses are nothing serious, that the people of Loss are delicate, rare, and proudly so, and that it will pass and that death is not so serious, for them, especially children; they are prepared for the next life early in years. They seem right; only two or three have died, though I worry about the little girl's father. I try to get Friend to stay away from the young, but she communes with them like a mother owl, feeding them chocolate and joining their games with no invitation or even words passed between them. But, she seems well, and even though she barely speaks to me she seems content. I can breathe without numbers, again, I think.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I had thought their parents were preoccupied, for it seemed that every child was filthy, their faces and necks black with what I thought was coal dust or soil, though there were too many, and in such a regular pattern for this to be case. I had then thought that they wore their hats too tight, or that there was some pixish game being played on the fool foreigner, but more and more of them appear with it, and they do not  play games anymore; they cough, and gaze at the ground, drooling and dragging their feet, and their knuckles are dirty though they do not work. I must plot the viral implications of such a sickness; if pathogenic, exit plan twelve seems likely best; it avoids the graveyard, and can be adapted for daylight.    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I went to the Mayor's office to find out what had happened to my neighbours, the image of the father embossed in my head. After offering me a strong, bark-like jerky, he told me through violent chews that they had been moved down the valley for their own safety, and the safety of their immediate neighbours. His son, Book Burnt For Secrets, played with a papier-mache volcano that had been constructed for him on the floor. He is a fat, sweaty little boy, one for whom I have had a dislike ever since the incident with the dung-heap. The Mayor tugged at his clothing, and has now begun to sweat in symbiosis with his son, thick patches rubbing themselves into his crotch and neck. I finally summoned the courage to ask after the boy's mother, and he ejected me from his office with as much aplomb as he could muster. I was escorted to the square, where two men I had not seen before, heavily bearded and with flour dusting their flanks, stood by the Execution Venn, staring at some hidden spot in its ellipsis, sharing a cheroot. The sickness, despite the authority's insistence of its mild nature, is making the townsfolk uneasy, superstitious to the point of madness. The last few days I have begun to smell something that I have only smelt twice before, once at Belsen and once in Ur; the scent of cooking meat, toffee-sweet in a way that only one animal is when burnt, and I felt the tingling of my nostrils as my allergies to ash and hot air remembered themselves and kicked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I retreated to the apartment, my little knock-hole becoming more and more comforting with each passing day, and found the present I had given to Friend in two pieces, nestled in its wrapping at my door. I brought it inside. That was at around four o'clock; it is long past dark now, and I have not eaten all day. I will write for the evening, and watch for corpse fires. If they are burning bodies, I will know. They may not talk to me, these inbred, but they cannot hide the lights of their fires at night.    }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}