{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 June 2nd (Written Directly In The Journal)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (Just above this date are various runic calculations, eldritch marks and counts of the passage of time, as if the Eremite is having trouble keeping track of the date).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab You see, here, what the so-called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93authorities\u8221\'94 have sent as comfort to those families afflicted; so cold, so hurtful! There is barely anyone in the streets. I only see Friend dull-eyed, wandering from the work of her father to the bare shop-fronts, and from there back up to her keep in Building 4. We speak rarely, now. Her father is busy burying those who wish to be buried. The ash is a boring, constant snow. The townspeople seem to have an aversion to being interred, and only a few in every generation do so. The pyres have slipped into the streets, the church's eaves, the square, and onto the river in long lines of pontoons that blunder peacefully, like great smoking palanquins holding vacationing royalty, downstream. I still do not know where they all go; perhaps all the way to the sea. There seems to be no scriptural aspect to any of these proceedings, only personal opinion and taste. The dead are the dead. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I attended the funeral of Spider's Nest in Barn, yesterday; he had been ill for weeks, though not with the plague. I never knew how old he was, and no-one would tell me, though his sexual inexperience and penchant for inventive swearing gave him the air of a much younger man. He had spoken to me a few days before he died, not bedridden but sat at his desk whistling through his teeth and scooping earwax out of himself with a specialised widget, and told me that he was glad he had lived to see the death of his people. I told him that it was not the death of all of them, that only a few children had succumbed, and he had nodded his head grimly. The old bat's funeral was short, as Mr. Lights had to continue his duties. The Long Men Tails placed on his grave, traditionally by the women of the town, were quickly removed and held grimly by the council-appointed mourners for the next funeral, the attendees of which stood sweating in their heavy robes. They then demolished the library. The Mayor merely watched for some time, before smiling and commenting on the excellent and invigorating sunshine they had been experiencing. After this outburst he had crawled, a defeated monoped, back into his halls. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Three days ago I had maintained my post in my apartment for nearly a week solid; I was becoming ornamental, calcified, terrified to leave the room. The people were of a weird disposition, even more so than usual, and what had begun as a fascination with their idiosyncrasies became like looking into a very deep ocean trench, where light does not reach and fish hurriedly grow as many eyes and mouth and fins as possible, and eat each other in a horridly rapid fashion as if the film that they are projected from had been sped up. There is a strangeness and a brutality in their day-to-day business, the burning of their children, the murder of their elderly, their keening as if to some Stygian god, though the gods are the last thing that they would keen for. They scream to themselves, and having seen the wailing for the Gentiles at Jerusalem, the cutting of labia for Ouroboros in Chad and the pissing on trees and scattering of seeds in Canada. A people with no religion, with no-one to turn to, is a terrifying thing indeed. I had not removed my mask in that time at all; the advent of the disease had made me cautious, and the recycled air and carbon were starting to drip and solidify into stalactites at the end of my trunk.}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab On that day, ready to bond with the floor and become some sort of mineral, I heard a knock at my door. I bounded to it, expecting it to be Friend come to apologise for her indiscretion, or someone bringing food. However, I was neither wrong nor correct. It was a tall, shapely girl of twenty years or so with a crop of white hair that ranked around her face like the battle helmet of some albino Irishman. I held the door to a crack, and she waited expectantly for a greeting. I eventually placed her; the hurried footsteps across the hot square in the March heat, the spluttered title of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Long Man\u8221\'94, the birthday that had been celebrated in her absence a month before, her age a supposedly ridiculous number. Dark words directed up into the woods after her. She was the town witchdoctor, a beast-shaman who lived high in the trees and spoke to the spiders and deer, who whispered to Whisper in a great holler in the midst of night, one whom no-one looked at directly, or spoke of without ending the conversation. She was treated with special dismissal even in this patriarchy where the women were seen as explosive }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 castratos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , problem-men who only existed to eject milk in gleaming fountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab She wore a formal yet summery dress of blue, covered in curling vines, and, seeing my recognition, gave me a strange curtsy, one that involved lifting her dress almost over her head, revealing the whale-white scars and infected tattoos high up on her legs. I remember, then that she spoke to me in the tone of a stern father, and asked how I was. My reply was inconsequential; before I could finish she produced from behind her back a tin of chicken paste, with the local seal of wax. She handed it to me, and in my excitement and hunger I cut my fingers on its edges. I forgot that I was wearing my mask, and began to push the mess through the filter in my haste. I asked her to leave while I ate, and when she refused I was too hungry to argue. Off it came, and the second woman in ten years saw the colour of my eyes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab When I had finished, she asked me, slowly and quietly, if I would come with her. I had come to a reckoning with the walls and floor of my abode, a reckoning of comfort, and I was scared to leave the building. However, she repeated her request, and it became, quite suddenly, the most reasonable and basic request that had ever been asked of me. I gathered my camera and recording box, tying my pack shin-ways to keep it tight, and followed her brisk pace down the stairs to the dark canals below.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I remember little of the journey to her hut; night was welling up from the valley floor, and there were fires everywhere and the tang of barbecue. Humped, crying shapes were pushing other shapes into the canals, and as we reached the Main Street long lines of people roamed it, peering into shops, coughing and nervous. No-one looked at her, or me. Perhaps it was that without my mask I was merely another rube, another Mongoloid ferreting through the black store-rooms and alleyways. I remember the dark forms, that seemed to me to be the bobbing heads of some demon, but were in fact the nests of children, filled with their own faecal scratchings and the agony of their illness. They hang in the trees like the dreaming heads of gibbons, and shivered as their occupants turned in their last night\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sleep. The day before I had recorded\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \\end_Scrv_fn\}\{\\Scrv_fn=}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Recording ::829NKE// removed for processing.\\end_Scrv_fn\}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the cries of spectators as one boy, delirious and bleating, had fallen from his nest, shattering on the pavement before his parents. There are more machines, down by the river, but now I do not even bother to search for them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We left the Old Town behind, and the confectioners, and the beetroot fields that were past season and wilting and black, full of vegetable liquid and sluice from the river. Her home, I surmised, was set far away from the town, and indeed I had seen many workers thumb some sigil in the direction of these hills. I asked her if she believed she had any magic powers. She said that she did not. I asked her her name. She told me, simply, turning and illuminated by the pyres in the distance, that her name was Cunt. I was taken aback by such a creature uttering such a phrase, and asked her who had given her this name. She frowned and told me simply that her mother had, and this was enough, and she turned back and walked further into the woods. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We came, after half an hour or so of hard hiking, to a barrier of sorts. We were in the midst of an ironwood forest, that rose onto the side of the mountain. I realised that we were heading north, towards that wrong-footed summit where the Mayor thought the sun rose. On the ground was a silvery line, wet like a slug's trail, that extended in a large curve on both sides into the woods. I asked her what it was, and she told me that it was as far as the townspeople could come. It was human spittle, forming a neat band. The people came all the way out her to curse at the borders of her home. They called her the foulest word my tongue could muster. They hated her. I watched her skip over it like a rope.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The path continued for another five minutes or so, winding up to an utterly hermetic position in a crag of granite amongst the crowns of sturdy evergreens rotting into death and mist. Her hut was here, unremarkable; raised on stilts like those of the farmers, thatched and circular, with five storeys. She led me inside. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I had expected more, if I am honest. It was a farmer's hut. There was not one Long Men Tail; she said that she had no use for them. She brewed beet tea in an urn, and I saw the smoke meander to the upper floors through a hole in the ceiling. She took off her shoes and I saw her feet were hard and gnarled like those of Victorian furniture. For such an animal to end in these extremities shocked me. She said that she walked a lot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab And then we spoke. We did little more, for a long time. She showed me her wand, the only Long Man Tails in the house hanging from it, given to her by the Town Hall or divine providence, she would not specify. I realised that I had seen her on the day of the Inauguration, in a shawl and carrying the great metallic albatross like it was truly precious, sitting behind the Mayor, not speaking, not watched. She told me that on certain ritual evenings she had to sleep with the Mayor; she knew that he did not enjoy it, and that he would force a smile for the crowds waiting beneath his window. She merely grinned, and said that he liked her more than he would admit. I set up my recording equipment, after a time, to preserve it. She was brutally frank. I asked to take her photograph, and she agreed, providing that I concealed her face on the negative. I promised her I would do this. I was compelled to keep such a small promise. She was different from any woman I had met.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab After an hour or so, she suddenly rose and asked me to leave. She seemed to be listening for something, or someone, out inside the night. She walked me back down the mountain to where the townspeople came no further, and bade me goodbye. I saw her phantasmal head bobbing like a Nippon lantern back through the trees, but I turned and hurried back through the town, the sounds of wailing low like Fokkerwulfs jettisoning their burning brains over my house. The fires smouldered, ready to be rekindled in the morning. I went straight to sleep, and spent the next day reading.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I have heard people say that the Mayor is sick, though no-one will dare enter this quarters to check him for the black soot. Friend cannot possibly mourn the loss of her step-father; she always told me that she hated him, that he made her father spiteful. We had both especially hated his son. A few days ago I sat by my windows watching amantinas of ash drift away up the valley, when a small belch of flame licked itself and vanished into the clean airlock of the atmosphere. The sparks had hit a tyre of fat curling and heaving itself into the sky, and I knew then that I had seen the last flight of that hateful little pig. I wish she had been with me so that we could have both laughed behind our hands, as I had taught her; I pitied the Mayor, but after it all, I did not mourn the boy. Perhaps it would not have been wise, perhaps the shit had been her cousin, or her half-brother; the ethnic nepotism that these people practice means that I can never tell who is related to whom. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I have already begun planning my exit from the valley; I made careful note of the route that the rube from the woods brought me when I came here, and I have streamlined my pack so that I may run, if necessary. The town was hostile to me from the beginning, and though I have learnt much since coming here, this illness has shut the place up like a bivalve. There is nothing left. I will speak to Friend tomorrow about coming with me; I can take her to Minerva\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s; they can give her books, wash her, soothe her, bring her into the day slowly. Sigurd will bring her papers. They will look after her, and I can have her tell me more, to fill in the gaps of this place. She has often spoken about leaving. And I should like to see her legs in a real dress, running over concrete instead of dirt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I can hear the town crier. He is howling. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 June 3rd}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The town seems quiet today \endash  there are no fires, and the few people I have seen have greeted me cautiously as they pluck provisions from the supermarket; there is a huge pile of coins on the empty counter, embellished with reverence by every potential looter. This strikes me as pathetic, though I believe that I am just tired. I saw two men pull a huge, grey hose from the side of a cylindrical structure and course steaming water over the cobbles of the main square. I could smell vinegar, over everything. One man carried all of the nude photographs in a haversack. I have replaced my mask out of habit - the skin on my face is foetus-fragile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I went down the River Walk to try and escape the grain in the air. It is an old street, bordered by high, dry-stone walls and climbing ivy, snow-blossom and petunias, peppered with gateways leading to mansions and the observatories of the rich. Before I reached the river I found a fresco, peppered with mould, painted onto one of the walls \endash  it showed a fearsome man holding some sort of spear, wearing a crown (though it is not black) and standing astride a mountain. The accompanying legend was written in the Tachygraph, and I attempted to translate it; it seems I would have no more teaching, now. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab My attempt is below. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 As I tread through snow}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The holes my feet make behind me}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Look like the nostrils of my enemies}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Upturned and skywards}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Their heads rolling in the fields.}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i1
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i1}