{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He finally died last night. Mr. Light has finally stopped pretending that he has any chance of living, and died. I helped Friend baste him with tar last night, leaving him to rest like a Christmas turkey in the common chambers, and set him alight this morning, floating him down the river on a makeshift raft that I pulled together from abandoned street worker's poles and the nets of fishermen..The flames burped as they touched the tar, and when he had dissolved utterly his burning fat turned into a thick, musky soup that drifted downstream like some malignant, sentient carpet mould. His clothes fell away before this, as if at some preordained signal, and I saw that his member was tiny, wrinkling in the fire like a dead leaf. I pulled Friend's head away, but she almost seemed bored, and turned back to the apartment district, dragging the small trolley of provisions we had collected. She may be crying, but as her face is always wet now I cannot tell.  }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab As I write this we are in my quarters; Friend refuses to go back to her own. It is nice, in a way, to have her to stay, finally. The night is very dark with no fires to light it, and the sweet smell of the pines now meld with the mealy crust on the water. The once-leaping torrent is an orange waste, full of mud, poison and the dead. The town is quiet. We are the only two left. I thought a few days ago that I saw others, stripping a tree of half-cored fruit, a precision set of dentures that moved as one, but it could have been raccoons, or one of the impossible things that live here, tempted down from the mountains. I feel no real urge to write; we spend our evening throwing the last scions of the mushroom caverns onto the fire, eating them browned and tart from the wood and peppered with eggs the white insects laid a few weeks before. The black ones lie poisonous on the griddle. This whole town seems like a giant trap, now that I have no one to show me where to tread. I wish there was more to read. I sometimes want to dash my brains out against the floor, but then I sit instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Friend will not speak. The advice about the poisonous eggs in our meals was one of the last things she said to me out loud. I may as well be alone, as she does not seem to care what I write, or the fact I am writing; I head into the town to bring her food that she heats over the stove, staring into the cracked tiles painted with idyllic valley scenes on the wall behind it. She lets me kiss her, but with no enthusiasm or hint of wanting me, and when I tried to reach up her skirt this morning she climbed back into the bed we cannot both fit into, even with the closeness of lovers, and my hand slipped down as her legs moved. I want to help her. She does not display any symptoms of disease yet, but her eyes are baggy and her cheeks are sunken, rickets and kwashiokor settling in. She is still very pretty, however; not beautiful, but there is a pinch of what she once was. I will find her some chocolate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab My trips into town for food have been augmented with research; with the people gone, animals have begun to materialise in the town; Genial Wort, the stubby deer they breed here, scatterbird splitting in great squadrons that multiply as I approach cadavers. One thing I must note is that I see more and more of the pageant weevils, at first massing only by the river and the docks, but as the days go on they have reached Main Street, and their hive must be close by.  Many of them have all their legs intact. Such a thing helps me, to see that at least something is benefiting from this mess. I still avoid them, though, making sure that I can see the newborns as I walk, brown on the road, unpainted, seeming to guide their less-fortunate parents.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Mayor's death has left the Town Hall open like a grieving thing; rot and silverfish jam themselves into its layers. I realise that underneath this steely fa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u231\'E7ade the structure is just cheap wood, varnished and warped by years of supporting the weight of the outside. The doors that opened for me only at the behest of officials now hang like a dislocated mouth, and an acacia has leapt forward like a tongue of Bunsen flame, extending into the sunlight. Ash is arrayed there in a moribund beach, and, listening for the tell-tale scratchings of weevils,  I risked a final trip inside to search for artefacts. I remember my routes very well; I did not want to get lost. The statues and busts were mostly intact, but many of the rooms were locked, or seemed to have disappeared. I wish to salvage something from what I have done, but I fear that much of this town will perish with its inhabitants. Some new, thuggish myths will shoulder their way into history, and squat over the town, letting it die and thinking of the lies they can tell now that everyone is dead. The bust will be reworked into new smoothness, and no-one will know a human ever signed a document or tickled a woman's back in this horrid place. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I found the missing rooms today. They are in the south, past the river, stacked atop on another, the furniture broken or fallen in their interiors. Some of them are already becoming overgrown, and I heard a strange whirring from within a long kitchen, as if some machine had started up afresh. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Mayor's office was unlocked, the carpet grown with spidery blue algae that swayed in the movement of my entry. I would have picked it, but I saw that Book Burnt For Secret's papier-mache volcano was rooted in the centre of the room, growing fungus and fur, infested with lice, termites and arachnids. I remembered that he had used bleach in it, and burnt his hand, and so turned to the desk and the bookshelves, the one-way window that looked out across the western forests. Only one of the drawers was unlocked, and there was the official key to the town, a bright gold still, and reflecting off the bloated ceiling. It was the very same one I had touched on the day of my entry into the town, and seemed to be the only thing not wearing a musty coat of rot. Without thinking I added it to my growing pack, and as it got dark I brought it back for Friend. She regarded it without speaking, and I had her pose with it for the camera, beseeching her and offering her strips of ham and sweets. The heiress of Loss, with her birthright. The town now belongs to her. She is the only one left. I realised in that moment that I have no idea how old she is. I have asked her but she just sleeps. I am thinking now. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The ash is starting to settle in this capsuled mountain air, but there are still black, foul-smelling spores, like human hair, that settle on everything that does not move. Every morning more and more of it is gathering in drifts six or seven feet deep. Yesterday I went to the edge of the K!K!K! Pitch, to leave a token for Discovering Leprosy, and found that a wall of edelweiss and chrysanthemum had exploded into growth along its border, run through with briars, marjoram and all kinds of herbs. The ash is feeding the soil, and it all seems futile, really, our little hollow, cooking and keeping it tidy, when the place is beginning to overgrow and decay. It seems that the secrets of the K!K!K! Pitch will die with the town; I can find no way into the pitch, and I keep seeing the dead man float up the river, and I am frightened, very frightened. The castle, or folly, sits at the point that the river enters the pitch \endash  but the gluey consistency of the water keeps me from it, and I must look, trying to guess if those stones were quarried hundreds of years ago, or if they are merely plaster, painted and to be viewed from afar. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab An hour has passed, and Friend has gone to sleep with a bad cough. It seems stupid, now. I have taken off my mask as any benefit it may bestow seems wasted; she has seen my face once before, on that night we decided it would be right to kiss, and she said that I had the most peculiar mouth, and the most brilliant eyes. I have never destroyed a people before. My breath and its contents does not matter. }
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It is startling how quickly the pathogen can enter the atmosphere after I take it off; it is a hard thing to wear all day, every day, and you learn to crave your own company so that you may remove it. I had only taken it off for a moment to kiss her. And yet, how was she not dead? Surely she should have died first, breathing it in? Maybe they are all wrong. Maybe I don't carry this damned disease. But it does not matter, now. There was no point counting all those breaths, all those cubed units of air, all that dividing and multiplying. It did its job. Bravo, }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (Huge amount of crossing out here)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I thought I saw a light to the north, a few moments ago; as if the sun was hitting the mountain as depicted on the town's seal. In all my time here I have never bothered to check if the sun really does rise in the north as they say. I will check tomorrow. It is all I can do, really. But there is so much, and I am a small man; I cannot carry it. There is so much I do not understand, that these stupid, secretive folk would not give me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Tomorrow I will find medicine for her, something to make her feel better, and try to break into the K!K!K! Field. I have things to pick up. Things to catalogue. There is still much to do here.  }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I sign off here, and commend myself to you. I hope I have been of use, given the circumstances. I may see you again. I will take her to Minerva's. Look for us there. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 To Do}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pick up milk (not rancid in Hotel safe)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pick up medicine}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Polish relief on Apartment 34's East Wall}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Visit Cunt's hut.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pick up customer ledger from the art cave. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Burn the last of the bodies}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bake pie for Friend. Raspberry? Onion? See what has rotted.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Last Page Of The Journal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab There is a scrap of paper here - it is burnt, ripped and smeared with dirt, almost beyond recognizance. At the head of the page is a short passage in the Tachygraph, and the words \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Order Of Service\u8221\'94 in flowered type. This accompanied by a coloured print of a scatterbird - it emerges from behind a tree, smaller birds splitting from it as it rises. Below, in the Eremite\u8217\'92s hand, are the words: }
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 MOVE, MY LOVE, BENEATH }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 WITH THE ORBIT OF BONES, OF BUGS}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 STILL YOUR VENGEFUL FEET}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 FROM KICKING THROUGH TO MY TRAITOR LUNGS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}