{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red43\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf1 OFFICE CONTENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Unified Features}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 THE GAME}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 This side of the content is the ludographical, text-based side of the project, where players use the Miasma Content to work their way through the world of the Widsith Institute, solving puzzles and making text-based choices, in a free-to-play environment based on Failbetter Games\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf3 Storynexus}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  platform.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 ACCESS CODES AND WAYS IN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Signing up should be as smooth as possible. Readers can come across Miasma Content, the log-in page itself, or have the page shared with them by friends. When they sign up, they are told that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93we do not care about who you are\u8221\'94 - that their sign-up allows them to take on another personality, if they so wish. The access codes either change something within their existing account or provide them a bonus when they begin playing. To conclude, there should be as many ways into the game as possible; this does not, however, mean that those ways need to be well signposted. The idea of the two sides of the experience is to disseminate each other; the Office Content provides a spine for the Miasma Content to hang off, and a reason to access it and seek it out, and the Miasma Content provides the push to the Office Content as a way of collating it and framing the experience. The web is random-access, even more so than books, and this should be taken advantage of. As a reference piece (referential, I suppose, to itself) this approach to the Institute is ideal. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 RANGE OF PLAYERS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 We are expecting a large proportion of our players to be ARG enthusiasts or Storynexus converts. However, given Random House\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reach we should not underestimate the influx of non-gamers and readers of traditional literature with a new tablet. We should make cultural, literary and technological compatibility a priority, to allow as many people to play Black Crown as possible. I want a large part of this experience to be learning; from the gamer\u8217\'92s perspective, this is of interesting subjects; from the non-gamer\u8217\'92s perspective, this is gaming techniques and the possibilities of hypertext literature. Intuition should be rewarded, as this combined with learning drives comprehension and thus the thirst for more content. A balance must be struck between counter-intuitiveness and a guiding hand. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 STORYLETS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 These are branching stories represented by pieces of text with outcomes that affect different qualities. I have agreed with Alexis that these will be a little more verbose than those found in Fallen London, though the idea is that they are a counterpoint to the longer-form Miasma Content. Their form is generally that of a memo, or action to be taken, and then the corresponding actions. They may relate to the Miasma Content, or just to the character\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life within the Institute. Strong and weak paths do occasionally exist, but most often they are merely different. Emotions should not be qualified; rather, the storylets describe emotions that you }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 could }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 feel that would in turn affect your decision-making. The best way is a hopscotch approach, or a redoubt approach - doublings-back, returning to past events, promotes contemplation, lowers costs, and gives a sense of body to the weight of the experience. Diverging paths create this in an even greater variety, allowing distractions and even encouraging them as part of the story process.   }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 MONETISATION}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Monetisation will come from separate different mediums; through the unlocking of time-based storylets, the direct purchase of storylets, vanity items, and perhaps, in the future, a Premium account that relates to our wider community initiative.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 MIASMA CONTENT CONNECTIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 I think that organisation of the Miasma Content is something that casual users, or curious \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93passers-by\u8221\'94, will struggle with; other than listing URLs, there is no way to show them in any sort of order. It is imperative, therefore, that signing up for an Office Content account allows one to collate the pieces of Miasma Content they have already found, and re-order them in any way they see fit. This could be achieved with an API built into the engine, and recognising when a website has been visited.}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 META-CONNECTIONS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 As this is a hypertext narrative, at its heart, there are several real-world websites that may benefit from being altered to reflect a previous presence of this narrative, sites such as Wikipedia and IMDB. Alexis has also found an API that allows documents to be sent to an address, though this is far in the future in terms of our deployment, if we were to investigate it. The Office Content, to conclude, exists within the wider ecosystem of the web, and its connections to it should reflect this.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 LENGTH}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The length must be fairly tight to begin with, containing the main story and some depth, with open threads for later content (especially that in Phase 3). We are looking at an average playtime of 2 months (for someone who is not a speedrunner, but who plays it more than once a week, perhaps even a little every day). This equates to around 60 distinct storylets, or about 4000 words of content. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 INVENTORY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The player will have an inventory, which will provide a linchpin for those coming from old-school adventure games to this experience. It will be easy to navigate and use, and will not bear too heavily on the experience; it is really there to give objects a home, and give some physicality to the desk-based gameplay. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 SHARING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Sharing is vital to something like this, but we must be careful, and find a way that does not plaster the page with immersion-breaking buttons and sigils. Players can connect their Facebook profiles to their account, for example, but social networking is more there for dissemination, messaging in-game and community support. Sites such as Reddit and Delicious are built for this sort of fragmental categorising, and should be supported from the outset. Though this may complicate things (see \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Asynchronous Multiplayer, below) players could trade diseases secretly, and perhaps infect their friends; they may add, but never take away. This would be an essentially benevolent action, in the logic of the Institute. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 ASYNCHRONOUS MULTIPLAYER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A player\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s progress through the world of both the Miasma Content and Office Content is singleplayer - they are not interacting with other players in a real-time sense that we know as multiplayer. However, by encouraging players to communicate and bond }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 outside }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 the game, we can simulate a sort of multiplayer. This relates to the tradition of puzzle notebooks and Myst journals in the past - players will document their progress, document their findings, share them with others, and talk about possible solutions. By annotating the Miasma Content, inviting their friends, speaking about choices in Office Content, and roleplaying in forums outside the game, knowledge, learning and community are disseminated widely, and the game is played collaboratively, without the need to keep players actively playing to recruit and support new players in the future. A pertinent comparison might be a Multi-User Dungeon, a place where many people explore the same space but communicate asynchronously. The sense of presence, of an inhabited world, and not communication, is key here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 REWARDS AND INCENTIVES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Rewards are vital to driving the ergodic nature of the text; it is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93work\u8221\'94 to move through and sort the narrative, and so rewards and incentives can be an aid to driving this forward. In addition to the qualities, items and diseases that one recieves from playing the game, there may be other rewards for being the first to do something, or within the first hundred or thousand. Those who are not doing well could be chosen at random to do something spectacular, or play some part in the narrative; they are not special at the start, being part of this Institute, but they have powerful abilities. There is a desire everywhere to rise above the mass and prove oneself important; if someone has a History degree, or is good at cryptography, they may find their own reward in the wider community. This is the Imgeii Effect. The players, in a way, come to mirror the townspeople in their pursuit of reward and meaning within a community. Players may even have the chance to impress themselves upon the world, perhaps influencing storylets and other players, becoming like bards for what we have created. Sometimes, given the opaqueness of the world, players will not know which rewards they will recieve, but they will always recieve something, they will always make a \u8220\'93dent\u8221\'94; a positive/negative impact that still allows progression. Some of the time this will be HIMBL - Hierarchical, Immediately Meaningful Bling, other times a negative disease, sometimes a piece of text or a quality increase. Depth is relative to storylet, and a player can often go deeper. We need to make sure that we build in this depth. Diseases are one of the key badges of progression, other than qualities and the inventory. It instantly shows one\u8217\'92s rank within the Institute, and serves as an achievement system also. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 NO GRINDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Grinding storylets for high numbers of qualities was a feature of Fallen London, and we are moving away from this. There does need to be repetition of content, but there is a way to do it that does not involve grinding. It is an interruption of the journey. Thankfully, we have a storied reason to repeat content, but that does not indemnify us against making it interesting. The TQEs are a way to combat this. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 DRM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 DRM is not desirable, and we should avoid it; in fact, the sharing element of this work speaks against it. We should combat the text being copied wholesale, but apart from this, the ecosystem keeps everything in place. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 CHOICE AND CONSEQUENCE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Choice is central to the concept of storylets. One makes a choice, feels complicity, and experiences the conserquence. Choices can be emotional and moral, or mechanical and strategic. They may be necessary or superfluous, binary or complex, illusory, secretive or clear. Complicity is key; there must be a visceral reaction to the choice, a sense of agency and effect. The consequence can be immediate, delayed, or both.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf4}