{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green142\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\cf1 ARTWORK}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Unified Features}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 A WIDE VARIETY}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The breadth of artwork in this piece is quite large, from the traditional to the outsider, from the symbolic to the informative - graphs, paintings, sketches, drawings, diagrams, woodcuts, maps, photographs and more. This list will grow when and if the project is successful. They will be crafted (in the fiction) by many different hands, at a number of different times. This variety must be evident.}
\par\plain \f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 VERNACULAR DETAIL}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Incidental detail, and symbolism, even in the most mundane of pieces, is what will bring them to life. Readers will already be in the mode of analysis. As well as striking them with beauty, the pieces should add to the richness of the town and the characters, and lead them to new revelations.}
\par\plain \f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 A NEW STYLE}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 This is something that I need to work on, but the town needs a new style that works with its peculiarity. It will take tropes of classical art and subvert them, and superficially present a very alien view of human life. Elements such as holding animals (this time at arm\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s length),  spiral designs, titillation, pictures of the gods (in pathetic poses) }
\par\plain \f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 EVIDENCE}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 These pieces, like the writing and 3D models, are evidence, and should bear the marks of travel and handling - stains, blemishes, etc. These can even be part of the puzzle that they present. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f2\fs36\b1\i0\cf3
\par\plain \f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f2\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}