{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs36 \cf0 THE WIDSITH INSTITUTE
\fs24 \

\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0             
\i \'93Iam Adveho Verum, Deus, Verum Adveho Iam\'94
\i0 \

\i             \'93You Are Unnoticed, And May Dig\'94
\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b\fs36 \cf0 Who Are They?
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - A personification of the Age of Discovery, they extend an imperialistic hegemony over narrative and secret places, for seemingly mysterious ends. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They are not a company: they are a charitable organisation, a trust that relies on donations. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They use diseases, both natural and manufactured, to conduct their work, motivate their workforce, and guide their office culture.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They use field agents to collect mysterious places, and home agents to edit accounts in a huge web of accountability and falsehood.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Their corporate structure is based around warring departments, and is as such fractured and individualistic. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - It runs itself as a flat society, where everyone is equal in plague. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - It relies on the culture of retexturing photos that exists today to perpetuate this within its own structure.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 Their Mission
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs28 \

\b0 - The employees of the Institute perform an armchair function; they travel to these places in their mind, as examples of humanity, and change them as they see fit.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They control infection when it goes wrong, and use to set things right, on occasion.  
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Their job can only be done by those who are infected, who see things in fevers and other such things. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - To fulfil the expectations of the world in what \'93strange\'94 must look like. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Their mission, and the way that life unfolds within it, has numerous parallels to the town, and comparisons to it. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - \'93Culture Of Charity As Industry\'94
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 Style And Aesthetic
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- The approach of artists to look at corporations in a sinister way, entirely or with a veil of corporate PR friendliness, has been tired out for some time now. Approaching the Institute as a charity certainly refreshes this trope, but more needs to be done to find the right balance. A key difference here is that the charity has limited interaction with its customers. It is selling pity and sympathy. Also, its interaction with those it is charitable towards is often hidden. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - It has the signatures and input of the very famous, and is bound by an unassailable sense of rightfulness, that all charities possess. None can refute the morality at the centre of this, or is ashamed to, and so it persists.   
\fs24 \

\fs28 - It is a confused meritocracy, primarily absurd, full of Dadaist structures of control. It preserves a dichotomy between this and its flat structure (see above).
\fs24 \

\fs28 - It is a charity heavily related to the sea. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Its lexicon and argot are designed to be spoken by those 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The pig is its sacred animal and mascot, because of its use in disease research. It may also be considered the cow, as the word vaccine comes from cow in latin, \'93vacca\'94. With its four stomachs it churns and ferments, and is the heart of all disease. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They actually have little respect for the artefacts themselves. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They employ heraldic terminology extensively, combining it with \'93symptoms\'94 to create a parallel between the two in constructing a player\'92s honour.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - There are diseases for everything, a boutique system which serves them well. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Like in Wal-Mart, they are not allowed to \'93touch\'94 visitors, ostensibly for legal reasons, when really it is because of disease. \
- What is a host\'92s \'93umber\'94?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 Concepts
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - The employees of the Institute wish to leave this plane, but the diseases which they prize so highly keep them grounded. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - \'93One cannot die with a cough.\'94
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Is there anyone above them? Do their orders all come from other players.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Flies are, obviously, highly revered, and used as databanks somehow between departments. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They believe that infection in one person, closely observed, is more interesting than observed at a social level. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The relief of pain as a desirable tool for compliance.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They use smaller, colloquial names for disease.\
- The Institute is already dead - the people within it fight to keep it alive. \
- The mystery of infinite data versus limited data. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 The Departments
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - The departments exist to provide structure to a player\'92s advancement through the game, as well as competition and intrigue.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Though the player\'92s can only join one department, they may pay for additional storylets to let them move to another department at other points in the story. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Rivalries can exist between departments. Players can help define the culture of each, with mottos, names, and rituals. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - In diagrams, they are laid out like a specific chemical compound relating to disease. There is, however, always one missing. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
They are:
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- 
\b The Eremites 
\b0 - The department with the most secrecy and most stringent entry requirements, these documenters, poets, artists and travellers count the Miasma Eremite, amongst many others, in their number. They are Clades, arising from a common ancestor. Some have married and intermingled, but they are a strict lineage, and there can only be \cf2 four\cf0  at any one time. 
\fs24 \

\b\fs28 - The Wormery 
\b0 - The wormery is responsible for incubating and developing diseases within the Institute itself. They work in the Four Stomachs.
\fs24 \

\b\fs28 - The Majuscule - the sediment levels etc. 
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs28 \

\fs36 The Mission Of The Players
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 The players join as members of the research wing of the Institute, nominally at the behest of the higher-ups, as part of the wing\'92s expansion in the wake of digitising materials. Their department is driving this move online, and the other departments are angry at them for changing the ecosystem of the Institute. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 Idiosyncrasies
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - Everything is three feet away from everything else at all times in the Institute. This is why the facility is so large. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - It is difficult to get any work done because of all the groaning, coughing, and internalised misery.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - New recruits are given a fresh start - completely healed of all outside diseases, as all who are new to games do. They start to crenellate and accumulate as they \'93progress\'94 and \'93ascend\'94. Is this a good thing, or is digital cleansing better?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - A cold is sent in a wave of season across the Trust, to trick the body into thinking it is in the world.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Even in this company, there are brown-nosers, careerists and endless no-hopers.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They owned the Ogden Land Institute - there is a later link to this in a storylet. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They provide all the different ways of vectoring disease to their staff - rotting food, gas, enemas etc. They attempt to ferment disease into something new. They thrive on insect waste and dead air, engage in medical cannibalism.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What role do cleaners fulfill - \'93a broom moves the disease along\'94, but is this what they actually want? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Smallpox scabs tucked in an envelope in a book - this is how they transfer diseases. Everything is kept very analogue. Only the players use computers.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They have a turbidity scale, relating to fluids.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Some lorem ipsum on their website. \
- How does interaction occur if quarantine occurs? Can we have a quarantine function, that locks players out - THIS is why they cannot access materials? A very ineffective team. \
- The process for creating an Eremite is in fact very easy, but a gruesome mythology surrounds it. \
- There are periodic, huge donations given to the company. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Single players can be quarantined, but only official correspondence is disallowed - people can contact them in other ways. They are given information, and others can solicit it. \
- They have tools which match those of the original makers of the work. 
\fs24 \
\

\b\fs36 Related Individuals
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - John Snow and William Farr - Miasma debaters.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 As A Charity
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - It does not actually have any outward-facing publicity. There are no celebrity drives, no campaigns - how does it raise funds?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The culture of charity-as-industry is very prevalent here. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Pity as a culture is prevalent here. Pity against sufferers of disease and the preservation of knowledge. The two go hand in hand. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - As nobody can engage with it, it actively promotes slacktivism. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Easy asks, easy actions - a crust of simple-minded activism. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The telling of lies, and half-truths. Expansionism, selective morality.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They believe that people are forgetting about these issues. 
\fs24 \
}