{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red43\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\cf1 TEXTS}
\par\plain \f0\fs36\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 To Add}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A herbiary}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A hugely long process to develop a charm, that can be emulated by the player. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - An astrological diagram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A diagram of myth - the flow: like }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://A762577B-C635-4FC6-9353-557BD4B5AF6F"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 water}}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Domestic Recipe book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A folk tale told in an innovative way - perhaps via audio. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A diagram going into a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93great Man\u8221\'94.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Glossaries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Appendices}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Bibliographies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Marginalia}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Comments}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Footnotes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Equations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Asides}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Lists}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A phylogenetic tree, showing the evolutionary relationships of the townsfolk to the animals of the town, to human biology and human culture at large. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Pieces of self-analysis by people of the town, overseen (and in some cases edited) by the Eremite. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - An extended essay on one man who cleans the streets, going into semi-ludicrous detail on his views, routine, and life in general. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He follows other people, looking at their social movements - (Movement 1, 2 etc.) and tries to pin them down. Some are important, and others are not. This is a sequel, of sorts, to the previous essay. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - An infection chart and graph, obfuscated initially but becoming more clear as time goes on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Poetry, both his and that of others. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - More of the holy text.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Lists}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Registers }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Transcripts of interviews}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Misheard lyrics of folk songs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Medical texts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Chemical structures}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Life Histories of some of the townspeople.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Jokes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Urban legends}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Gossip}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Ethnic Stereotypes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Popular beliefs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A psychotherapy test}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Birth/Death rates }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Mouth shapes for the tachygraph}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Different types of graph}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Sword-fighting manual, or a manual of some kind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Exploration of burial practices, a running commentary }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Kit list}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A book of privileges, covering what he is owed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A child writing about him, that he steals?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A section of his Pilot\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Book, with the distance between settlements along the shoreline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A ground plan}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 - }{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Minerology, botany, medicine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - An elephant flows past, in the water.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 Quotes}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you have crushed me beneath your waves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Text solidifies ideas\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1      - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An accumulation of ideas over time, with refinement\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1      - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maugre\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1      - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Briddes\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1      - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrot\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1      -\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tellith\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1      -\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maervilles\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1     - Man is a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93walking buckle\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1     - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should create the value of things based upon their survivability.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1     -  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My teeth are heavy\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1     - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It rings a bell, this tower\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1     - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How does it feel (the wind) on your legs if you shave all the time?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A man about to die: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I take it all back!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fish and fetish\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We treat the past like children.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everybody has the zip of breathing on record\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Copyright @ the creator\u8217\'92s ancestors\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A racist\u8217\'92s dream\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will come to [[Bulgaria]], and a bridge\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To teach you the way out of England to Constantinople\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will never recover from our differences.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At the bottom of a barrel formed by the sky\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A bow tie always denotes the pathetic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cutlery are psychopomps\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 Features}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Watchers at the edge of the text, which react to portions of the text, and represent characters and concepts throughout the story. They will be in the distinct visual style of the Eremite. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A mind struggles to respond to all stimuli.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He mentions old man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beard, or usnea, as growing in the town.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93dd\u8221\'94 looks like old in \u8220\'93ligature\u8221\'94 - this becomes a code, as nothing is old in the town. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Does he want to use different colours in his writing, like Mark Danielewski? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Some have lengthy titles, others are shorter}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - They find a corpse. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He helps with an accident in the village. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Later on, the Eremite wonders which of his orifices will exude the disease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He admonishes a townsperson for dropping their rubbish. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - More censorship, crossings out, additions etc. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Write things from the perspective of others, not just that of the Eremite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Lots of references to greeking, as if he is writing nonsense. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - How can you tell what a word means? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Without text, ideas collect at the bottom of the page like leaves. He just writes everything at the bottom in a mess.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Illumination is used a certain amount.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - In the oil paintings more light pollution as more fires are lit. They become a snapshot of just outside the town, a bar that he can see and transmits to the reader. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Traditional illuminated texts support, shelter and ascend their contents; this is subverted fairly often. There must always be an inherent gravity to a page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He does a pyring - burning - glazing - falsifying and patina-in of a text.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93W\u8221\'94 is a young letter, a ligature. Does he refuse to use it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - They check his backpack for fleas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The scripts mentioned in the Kindle books are mentioned here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He is given a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93cincture\u8221\'94 - a sort of belt}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The Herring Mite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - They are all written in iron-gall ink}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A carpet page}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - His fieldwork alters the environment}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - There are many lacunae, or gaps in the script.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Does he throw the book in the sea?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Entheogen - psychoactive substance used in a religious context.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A culture of exchange - what does the anthropologist have to share?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He shows them a fork. What represents the basic human procedure?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He tries to get charcoal, chestnuts, peach stones, even takes some from the pyres, to stuff into his filter to detoxify his breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Does he try to take off her clothes with a stick?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He will carry everyone to the sea. Such a concept (the sea) makes them sick with fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He comes across something as he comes into the valley; remnants, a pile, a statue. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Nature relates to myth completely. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He performs phrenology.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A key is always half of a pair}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93amulets often descend into ornament\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Feeling \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93like death\u8221\'94 is in fact being full of life}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The picture of Abraham Lincoln is linked to the Kindle extract.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Putting bleach on the fingers to stop one biting them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Washing down the streets with vinegar. They keep barrels of it for just such an occasion?\~                                    }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - No looting, but money left on the counter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Buried animals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A liasion in the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He tries to find a way to cut into the K!K!K! Pitch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Seeing two figures in the distance - what are they doing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A valley is the opposite of an island; an excess of land instead of a dearth, but the same isolating }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Build Eyam into it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A conveyor of the ignorant. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Shapeshifting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Everybody tries to own her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Proximity and irritability is their birthright. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Black earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Their ancestors ate dirt (Aralu). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Kitchen Witch}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The Hot Oil Witch}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A woman looks like an old man with chicken legs from behind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - He states, off-handedly, that a family sometimes looks like people brought together awkwardly (by biology?) and forced to get on with it - how right he is\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Someone has a prosthetic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Most are facsimiles, though some have been reproduced. Through a lens through a lens through a lens. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Animals from outside the valley drawn incorrectly - she calls him an elephant - is this figured in the bestiary? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Girls walking by the river - only their legs are visible.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Weather}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Geology}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Menstruation - folk logic - how can it be reversed?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Disrespect for nature leads to sickness}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - They never interact with the things in the Bestiary - only he does}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Dangers walking around town?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 Mentions}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Scyld Scaefling}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Lindisfarne, Iona, Durham}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Vinland}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Pestmeester}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Snorri}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Peskajumba}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Prester John}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Ebenezer Howard}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Sandy Island }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Qualia/quale - how many does he experience in a day? Does he list them, one day?}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 Clues}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - What is the Eremite\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s given name?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Bananas are talked about frequently, as they are a challenge agent. Some sort of Angel Delight-esque dessert?}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 Myth Features}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Myth only explores, and does not explain. It is an experiment in narrative. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The only logical outcome of the marriage of chance and stupidity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The low horse as a myth - what is this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Is there mention of women in their mythologies?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The world depends on a finite resource. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Fat represents the cosmos, and is used very often. Semen is considered filling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - It is unheard of for the gods to }{\f0\fs28\b0\ul\ulc0\cf1 be}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  disease, as opposed to just carrying it. Gods look completely different from humans - only simple shapes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Religion is a survival - a trait remembered from a dim past. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - If this is the majority belief, where does subversion and folklore come from? What form does it take? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Disease and religion are very closely linked - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93immortal germs\u8221\'94 are not cells. We are all hugely diseased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The Teenage Moon is hated by the young.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The vessel is venerated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A very developed sense of the individual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - They cannot understand that other people have differing beliefs from them - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93what do you mean, we believe? We know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Emulating, festishising, reenacting, simalcrum as consecration, the pointlessness of action. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Consciousness as a fossil fuel. Being born uses a resource that the universe has a finite amount of?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The two hundred consciousnesses were perfected a long time ago - therefore, we are all facets of the townspeople. It makes more sense to recycle consciousness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A mythology establishes central tenets, and bends out from them under the weight of variation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Giving animals human attributes which are desirable. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - The Great MAN from myth is different in that he is healthy, that digestion is good, that things work as they should. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 Mythic Components To Take Into Consideration}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Artifact}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Oral Culture}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Behaviour Rituals}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Supreme Beings}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Floods and Storms}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 The Elements}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 The Natural World}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Fertility and Birth}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Children of the Gods}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Ancestor Worship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Evil Forces}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Superheroes}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Divine Weapons}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Gods of War}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Ancestors}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Death and the underworld}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Sacred Sites}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 End of the World}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Creation of the World}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 The Cosmos}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Sun and Moon}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Making Humankind}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Contacting the Spirits}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Love Fortune and Happiness}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Tricksters}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Animal Idols}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Mythical Beasts}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Painting The Story}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 Universal Creatures}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\cf3
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\cf1}