{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Inspirations From History
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\fs28 - 
\b0 The Scold\'92s Bride - a way to inhibit and punish those who transgressed society. Usually women, he usurps this role, as he does with every other.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Executioner - a state-appointed official who executed criminals and others, in an anonymous fashion. A provost, headsman or hangman denotes the type used - would the Eremite be a \cf2 coughsman\cf0 ? They were shunned by their neighbours, usually gypsies (at least for the Ottomans) or a Scharfrichter (keen judge) who was aided by a roaring \'93lion\'94 (a shouting assistant), and tasked with rubbish clearance and brandings. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Plague Doctor - a grotesque, long-nosed creature. He uses his stick as a pen, to keep him separate. No touching, wax overcoats.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - John Snow and William Farr - debaters against and for miasma as the main transmitter of disease. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - A wandering journeyman - learning his craft on the road. Compagnons, jack and knaves.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Hermits - he has his own version of vegetarianism, no need to keep clean, ornamental hermits in Victorian gardens
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 Why Does One Wear A Mask?
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - To hide disfigurement, either to protect other people or the sensibilities of the wearer. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - To make it difficult to talk, or express oneself. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - To preserve the features of one who has passed, as a death mask. The Eremite is preserving the features of others, all those who went before him, built up on top of each other. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - To appease gods and demons.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - To cause terror in others.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - To modify or transform yourself.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - To hide one\'92s features.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 Past Eremites
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - The Yale Lancelot
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Leper Savant
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The Rinderpaest
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Erathem
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Shitbreath
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Millfiori
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Hermenaut
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Their illness does not incapacitate them, but allows them to travel. The fact that they are infectious is not often 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 His Relationship With Disease
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs28 \

\b0 - It is part of him, and is infused in him. He cannot be cured.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The miasma is tied to sea winds, and his desire for the sea can be attributed to it. He is allowed to take off his mask when he is in a boat, and perhaps infects the entirety of the world. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The Miasma, in Latin, is \'93nebula\'94, and should be tied to his love of stars.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He is a little like the Pied Piper, and this comparison should necessarily be lost. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Coincidentally, because of his mop suit full of charcoal, he is scared of fire, and keeps away from it. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 His Relationship With Writing
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- The \'93high-falutin\'92\'94 language is a smokescreen - he is in fact a plain writer, and a liar.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He is better at drawing animals.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 His Relationship With Travelling
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - He is called \'93The Stiff One\'94 - he is so tightly bandaged as he is travelling so much. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He had a travelling companion?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The Jellyfish Sea is mentioned.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Ultima Thule and Ierne
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What did he eat as he travelled
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The sailors that he travelled with
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He pulls himself in - \'93the watermill\'94
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He references sailing around England
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Torres Strait Islands
\fs24 \

\fs28 - More about the hardships
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Travels with Irish monks
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He seeks the ports of light.\
- Does the Eremite go to these places to \'91undiscover\'92 them? To drive everything false from the map? In this case, what is his relationship with maps and their ability to be remain false?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\b\fs36 His Relationship With The Town
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - In the end, he becomes a clown, a clumsy, tragic-funny figure. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He goes to fight monsters in this place. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He does not pay back any of the \'93gifts\'94 he is given. He perceives slights everywhere. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He sees them in terms of energy. Low output/input, high potential.\
- What is his blaison populaire for the people in the town?\
- With what does he try to pay them?\
- Does he order the cleanup of the town? Later on?\
- The townspeople \ul \ulc0 do\ulnone  treat religion as a disease, as it becomes a way to transfer bad practice. It is a horizontal transmission, like scared pigeons around a room, as they cause each other to fly away with the proselytism and remembrance of the past. The children pass this onto their parents, in a way, learning more of the rituals that supposedly keep them alienated. However, the Eremite also transmits both a literal and figurative disease in his malpractice of anthropology - they come to imitate him, his ideas and his actions. This needs to be clear. Some of their practices are very beautiful and, as he discovered to his shame and chagrin, have a  secret purpose; they become talismanic of his guilt as the story progresses.  Even their river is like a meme, in a way, bringing ideas to them and them mostly being discarded. There are huge nets in the river that capture refuse. They never 
\i use 
\i0 this rubbish, only sort it. \
- Their reactions to him need to be more varied. \
- The audience gets to see them, in a privileged position, in between his sanctioned recordings. \
- Does he smuggle her out in his suitcase - or an even smaller space. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \

\b\fs36 Equipment
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 - He has a cambium - a humour whose vapours are inhaled.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - 
\b The Gas Mask
\b0  - a hugely inflated head, with two tubes, one for speech and one for breath. It extends down his throat. If the glass in the eyeholes shatters, the wearer is blinded or killed. There are sponges at the end of each tube. This is his shield, protecting and proclaiming. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The tent that he wears as a cloak. It has rents in it, and he views stars differently each time.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He comes with a warning, like nuclear waste - I am poisonous, bury me in rock. In all languages, or in pictograms.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}