{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red246\green246\blue246;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'85And return to the pillars of the sky\
\
Chinese Doctor\'92s Signboard with human teeth\
\
Hebrew: human body is a house\
\
Childbirth\
\
Spidery handwriting - depends on the materials that they have\
\
Birthing knige\
Bad food, inhalation, vector objects\
A particulate or gas\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 A mind struggles to respond to all stimuli\
\
Work on the symptoms - what do the gods want? Nosoi, Pestis, Lues, Morbus, Takes, Macies\
Miasmata comes from locales, not people - a mobile miasma?\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f1\fs28 \cf0 Myth only explores, but does not really explain. An experiment in narrative. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0 \cf0 - The black turkey with one tooth.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- The Shaman as a monster.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
It doesn\'92t need to have a use.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
An \'93old adult piece\'94					
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
No mention of women in their mythology
\fs24 \

\fs28 BUT strong female characters.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Astrolabe
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
After death
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
The old want something better?
\fs24 \

\fs28 The young want the gods?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
How does it fit in with the myth canon
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
How do they handle ancestors
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
He compares it to other civilisations.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
How to control people
\fs24 \

\fs28 Going to hell anyway
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Heidegger - how does one become a being in the first place.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
(puzzle around \'93dd\'94 looking like \'93old\'94)
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
What did he change by going there?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
They are directly battling narrative
\fs24 \

\fs28 Writing their own history, and lying about it. What does the name mean? Tie it in. Change with the language. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 Trance states, dark caves, painting
\fs24 \

\fs28 He is left behind, weakened.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Why is the town like this? What am I parodying? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Why is the Mayor gay? And Mr. Lights? If he is a straight man, what has caused him to be gay? What pressures, if he was \ul \ulc0 not\ulnone  born that way?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Mystery is contextual, and different for each person.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Medieval oral traditions - same as this.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Advice for new players
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
They are going to work out the mechanics eventually.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
None of the writing goes nowhere.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f1 \cf0 So little direct experience of cannibalism happening - a barely believable threat.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 Eating of infected brain tissue - the spreading of prions.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \
Class is what you do outside work.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
One person has one breast in the middle of her chest.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
People of non-town origins - or a parent from outside the town? Who are they? Rejects from other cultures? Rip Van Winkle? Many-haired man?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
The lost all their books in a sort of \'93Dark Age\'94 event. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f1 \cf0 Don\'92t want to fool people - create an alternative, a richness, a texture. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0 \cf0 - He visits a wedding - actually very simple, contrasting.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \
They get their ideas, ways of speaking, and political persuasion from ephemera that float down the mountain. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f2 \cf0 God incarnate - gods are disease - witchdoctor
\f0\fs24 \

\f2\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0 \cf0 - The people of Loss are never recorded.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f1 \cf0 Main narrative breezes through the town, and you wonder who lives in the houses - expansion.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Don\'92t break the flow of the work too much\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 Hedonistic futures
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Diary of another Eremite\
\
Collection of folk tales\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 The Tachygraph - no message there\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 Opposition
\fs24 \

\fs28 Goals
\fs24 \

\fs28 Resource Management
\fs24 \

\fs28 Using colloquial names for disease
\fs24 \

\fs28 More on his biological tics and spews
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 Go even further in? Not break out - go to the center and stay there?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Despite the department\'92s rebellion, the management recruit more people secretly, against the other departments - they are up to something. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \
Drawing and writing interwoven\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 Juxtapositions in utopian fiction of extremes of kindness and cruelty, a reliance on \'93what is necessary\'94 - evolutionary kindness. A window onto what is necessary, but with \'93non-essential\'94 kindness involved. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Extinction of animals? 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 Impossibility of knowing and the continued attempt to do so. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs22 \cf0 - New English slang
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 A reskinning in the end game
\fs24 \
\
Help from locals is always possible.\
\
More conflict needed\
\
Paradise is a garden. \
\
Liebniz - not possible to have a world without evil\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\fs24 \cf0 Revamp\
\
It categorises experience\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 Everything makes sense to him underwater.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 English (their version)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - A ambiguous name, like Beowulf.
\fs24 \

\fs28 Descenders and ascenders
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\'93Rivers\'94
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Mop Suits - filled with charcoal, sponges - like a plague doctor - does he set alight
\fs24 \

\fs28 Sponges at the end of the tube - a calcified mess
\fs24 \

\fs28 Ornamentation - a starfish design.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Folios
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Pages inserted in the wrong order
\fs24 \

\fs28 He is literally mortified.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 He punishes people for their beliefs
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - Interfering in the local life.
\fs24 \
Eutopia - utopia - no place - Thomas More\
\
Plato - Education - Wisdom - Justice\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 deciphered, but with a light touch. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \
Pocket gospel
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs24 \cf0 Is there any climate change taking place in the town? Natural disasters?\
\
Things usually take so long to reach the status quo, almost by accident.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \
Gifts have power that compels it to be paid back - creates social ties - the Eremite does not do this
\fs24 \

\fs28 Gifts can be invisible, or given unknowingly.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Middle or end letter is florid - the destination is important. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Crowd-sourcing deciphering.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Lots of mistakes - makes deciphering it hard. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Corrupted and decayed into nothing ness - not preserved as it could be.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Taking the idea of writing from somewhere else. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Written inward? Or outward?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
He finds it primitive and indecipherable - but what about his own style?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Most ancient texts are tabulations and accounts, not poetry.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
No representations of the human 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Don\'92t have names, only where they come from. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 Insular style
\fs24 \

\fs28 Parallel with Job - a test by god - an Eremite?
\fs24 \

\fs28 Refine his voice
\fs24 \

\fs28 Does he want to protect the town?
\fs24 \

\fs28 He is using town to make points on the structure of life
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
They don\'92t have names, only where they came from
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f1 \cf0 All societies are information societies
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 A fictional framework in which they can place themselves.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\fs28 \cf0 \
Do they have \'93children\'94 in the structure of the Institute
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \cb3 The question of mankind's dilemma "space" is addressed in the nomenclature of the natural, more precisely, by means of positioning of the animal as partners, adversaries, anecdote, lecturer, screen, allegory, alternate vessel, Guardian, difference, the indifferent, necessity, Prisoner , deity, unthinkably cipher, and finally as the human. It follows, of course, a wide range of topics, from the emotional topography of fear and hope on self-made surfaces of denial to nudity, Pelzfetischismus, mechanized support - but also medieval bestiaries, zoos, the pet industry (not to mention visual image idylls, animal photography and funny creatures on youtube). Attentive glances fall on thinkers such as Walton Ford, Giorgio Agamben, Valentino Braitenberg, Temple Grandin and perhaps Cesar Milan. Whether it actually Danielewski manages to pull all this together into a whole coherent field remains to be unclear. must Especially since this whole thing of course, include topics such as synthetic intelligence, speculative fiction and the architecture of fate. But he will have by the end of the presentation may be made clear why - with a consideration of the human space-dilemma among animal aspect - the nature of necessity now come to an end. Perhaps it is all this but even as a pompous excuse to talk about his cat.
\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 Loss is not like this. It does not respect the beauty around it, or see the bathos there. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 Poor doctor - public servant - negotiations of payment.
\fs24 \
There may be buried reactors underground.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\fs28 \cf0 The Crutches - carrying everyone to the sea.
\fs24 \

\fs28 River Fathers
\fs24 \

\fs28 Vulgates
\fs24 \

\fs28 Decrepit
\fs24 \

\fs28 Dating systems
\fs24 \

\fs28 	- is there a year zero
\fs24 \

\fs28 	- Does he use glyphs?
\fs24 \

\fs28 	- A sun diary
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 A racist\'92s dreams
\fs24 \

\fs28 A symbol for the plague
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Medieval narrative contained little personal narrative - unlike his. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- A feasability report (!) on evacuating the townspeople. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
There can never be enough detail.
\fs24 \

\fs28 Refute every common belief.
\fs24 \

\fs28 Insular style
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
They set up the town? For him?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- The fragility of literary mortality. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- More use of his given name.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- He is given to over-dramatics, but they come to nothing.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Recorders rather than helpers - extends to the Eremite.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
An individual, deep-seated superiority
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Theory\ulnone  - he is making this up to create a different anthropology - he is bored of the world
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 Cultural evolutionism - all societies arise from the same \ul \ulc0 animist\ulnone  base
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 What is his relationship with the town\'92s doctor?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\fs24 The dichotomy of beauty (making you stay) and misery (being afraid and uncomfortable) - the possibility of escape into those mountains, even for the reader. \

\fs28 \
Quotes in text, lots of quotes.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The Eremite
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \
- How do I refine his voice?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Can use hermeneutics and re-description to show something about the world at large. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The town stands for something - the strangeness must serve a purpose.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - A science fiction philosophical text, creating through blindness to fallibilism.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- His confidence is a blessing an a curse. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- He pulls out a very modern weapon?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Medieval narrative contained little personal narrative - unlike his.  
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\fs24 Are they playing at being humans?\

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Orchestra
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone - Break down the orchestra - what is the best way to diagram this?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 An acid soaked bag - charcoal can be burnt to get rid of poison - high surface area - he tries to get more whilst in the town.
\fs24 \

\fs28 Coconuts
\fs24 \

\fs28 Chestnuts
\fs24 \

\fs28 Horse-chestnuts
\fs24 \

\fs28 Peach stones - collects them
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He is vain, think that he is the cause of them all.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Can you go back and edit past content?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How can we make signing up less of a "real-world" chore?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Limited actions? Do we have a flat payout for access to the work? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Which emotions do we look at?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Are the gods the disease he brings? Is this too high-concept?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Does he want to protect the town from his employers in the end?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - A psychotherapy test for him?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Who came with him? Why did they leave?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Does he have no other ties to the town?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Is he projecting loss onto Loss?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Should the Fidget be called something more appropriate to their station?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What accidents happen in the village, and does he have to help?
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs24 \cf0 Does the Mayor come from outside?\
\
The hatred of the sea.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\fs28 \cf0 \
Deep Play - stakes too high
\fs24 \

\fs28 Context - thick description
\fs24 \

\fs28 \'93Tell don\'92t show\'94
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \
- Deposits in the natural places that he finds.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \

\fs24 The logic of the inventory - why would people have \

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Concerned with lists
\fs24 \

\fs28 Should anthropologists intervene?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \
Is he the witchdoctor?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Some Eremites stay away from culture, to remain neutral; but this does not work somehow. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Seeded texts - essays of his on the language, animals, environments, other places he has been
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- He does not want to take on any aspects of the culture. Recover from culture shock. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Snorri - the first European born in North America. This becomes part of Institute lore - a mascot, of sorts. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- The CEO? This is all to get his work read?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Meant to help mankind
\fs24 \

\fs28 Writing a program to generate random text
\fs24 \

\fs28 - They do not meet his expectations.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He is a legend amongst Widsith staff.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Anthropology - holistic detail - specifics
\fs24 \

\fs28 An obsessive need to catalogue
\fs24 \

\fs28 Do societies develop in different ways when in isolation?
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 - It is a parallel of modern life. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\fs28 \cf0 Blaison Populaire
\fs24 \

\fs28 Isn\'92t it the duality that forms life
\fs24 \

\fs28 Everything has meaning in duality
\fs24 \

\fs28 But dysfunctional
\fs24 \

\fs28 separate them?
\fs24 \

\fs28 Eremite\'92s relationship to the sea.
\fs24 \

\fs28 Observing disagreements from the outside
\fs24 \

\fs28 Energy capture 
\fs24 \

\fs28 Muscles - animals - plants - natural resources - nuclear - ?
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 \ulnone - Is he a missionary?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Are his creature merely \'93concepts\'94? A way to make larger points on subjects that are wrapped in a skin of creature, or architecture, or man?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
 Returning to the Loss Hotel - how can one create a narrative \'93game\'94 from this?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Means \'93of the desert\'94 - an aversion to the sea.  
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 Banana flavourant - angel delight? People may think that it is his favourite snack.
\fs24 \

\fs28 A drinking straw - protect the filter
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Wormholes in the map
\fs24 \

\fs28 Challenge agents
\fs24 \

\fs28 What is in the filter?
\fs24 \

\fs28 Camphor
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Participant observation
\fs24 \

\fs28 P=ExT Culture = energy x efficiency. They have low efficiency, low energy, high potential.
\fs24 \

\fs28 Symbolic violence and capital - against the world/old
\fs24 \

\fs28 In the game?
\fs24 \

\fs28 Forcing someone to become your way of thinking.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \
- He mentions the \'93Wurm\'94 Ice Age.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Like a probiscis, sucking nectar. He has two tubes, each has a different function.
\fs24 \

\fs28 Like Ganesh
\fs24 \

\fs28 Rubber degrades
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0 \cf0 Never leave - like anthropologists
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
The meta-game is to accrue enough of these to become an Eremite?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Quarantine - live in isolation
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Plague Doctors
\fs24 \

\fs28 Nostradamus
\fs24 \

\fs28 Giovanni De Ventura
\fs24 \

\fs28 Niall O Glacain
\fs24 \

\fs28 Paracelsus - all plague doctors
\fs24 \

\fs28 Commedia del Arte Characters\
\
Uses this place to comment on functions of his day. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Defence of the town
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
The youth are not the dispossessed - are they like the superiors
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Too easy - needs more work
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
People possess roles in the town - but why?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
They are usually very clean
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Skeletons in the lake
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Things change as time goes on. Writing, censorship, blocked items, forums, objects. Some things appear and some disappear. Are they global? Not sure yet. \
\
Not just Abraham Lincoln - other politicians - write a story about them? Too much Lincoln at the moment.\
\
We should not want to 100% a game.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Mystery is not a puzzle.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
The content is not the opening to a solution - it is its own solution, its own joy.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
The person needs to remain
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Shangri La
\fs24 \
\

\fs28 Bathos - severe with trivial, high with low, using high language or art to ridicule itself.\
\
Salt production in Bulgaria
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Pits for rituals
\fs24 \
\

\fs28 What use do they have for gold?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Caste system - inverted etc.\
\
Utopia - geographical philosophy
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
They test things on themselves - no outside help.\
\
What is there corporate structure? Lots of warring departments? They generate the work, not inefficiency
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Don\'92t make the story too overwhelming
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
For something like this, maybe people \ul \ulc0 do\ulnone  just want a singleplayer experience.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Town becomes dirtier
\fs24 \
\

\fs28 Eating of family members
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Transgression is the status quo
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
The young are sick of it
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Reinforced in the schools\
\
Survivals - old customs that are useless - like a MEME\
\
Genital mutilation
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
How do they exist without trade?
\fs24 \
\

\fs28 - Inventing nonsense to satisfy anthropologists
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Special vocabulary for geographical features. \
\
- 
\f2 Less lethal over time, to increase number/umber of hosts - small area, controlled experiment
\f0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 - Living architecture
\fs24 \

\fs28 - A hurricane factory.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The facades of buildings - in a way, admitting his imagination. 
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs28 \cf0  - a society that cannot deal with death; they just do not know what to do with the bodies.
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 \
- Ground plans. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f2\fs28 \cf0 How is a community affected - steam shovel
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs28 \cf0           - the valley should not be entirely isolated - what comes from outside.
\f0\fs24 \

\f3\fs28           - Names are a pathetic attempt at labelling
\f0\fs24 \

\f3\fs28           - Women are more evident in the day-to-day of the town.
\f0\fs24 \

\f3\fs28           - There needs to be violence, tortures, punishment - or does there?
\f0\fs24 \

\f3\fs28           - The townspeople need to participate as well, but not too much.
\f0\fs24 \

\f3\fs28           - The church needs to be replanned
\f0\fs24 \

\f3\fs28           - Ruins  
\f0\fs24 \

\f3\fs28           - Grotesque incidents, not just observations
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 - Cain only ever scavenges, never produces - like the town\
\
- Machuis - struck Jesus or derided him
\fs24 \

\fs28 Kenosis - emptying oneself
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f1\fs28 \cf0 Is it a hanging valley?
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 We do this to this day. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 Downsteam - a mythical place of death and hell
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 Upstream - the font of knowledge - they are the filters
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 An x+y=z approach - what can things be combined with? A sense of entrenched immutability, or exciting experimentation?
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 \
The mayor - the dying king
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 The Apologist
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 Witchdoctor loved by the youth.\
\
Ashaver - a fool
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 Wandering Jew
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs28 \cf0 Graft kid's limbs on
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs28 \cf0 His tubes plug into a box
\f0  
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f1\fs28 \cf0 The visibility of the land around you
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs28 What does a valley as opposed to islands? What does it do to the psychology
\f0\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs28 Territory, spheres of influence, scenarios
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 The Town Crier is the link to the outside world
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
Gagging\'92s family - left the valley
\fs24 \

\fs28 The strangeness has to stand for something\

\f1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 How close do those without science look at the outside world?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0 \cf0 - Is the Mayor from outside. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What do they wear?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Why do they hate the sea?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Are they scared of all water?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What do they do at the birth of a child?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What are the motives of the chroniclers of Loss?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do they feel about fluids in their bodies?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What kind of hats do they wear?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What are the \'93stock poses that people adopt, and what are the unusual ones?
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Townspeople
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone - How can the reaction of the townsfolk vary? They cannot ALL be hostile - there needs to be chinks of 
\fs24 \

\fs28 revelation. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What do they do in between his recordings? Can the narrator be subverted, and the audience allowed to 
\fs24 \

\fs28 trick him, to slip past his vigilance?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What happened to Gagging\'92s family?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Does the town crier have a connection to the outside world?\'a0                      
\f1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 K!K!K!
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone - What do the K!K!K! Players wear to protect from the narrative? And how can one answer this question 
\fs24 \

\fs28 without the inherent triteness? They are writing their own history, and lying about it.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What does this name mean, and how does it relate to the game at large? WEED OUT THE WEAKNESSES.\
\
      
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What about the people who all look the same?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Who is sleeping together?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What is underneath their clothes, or what do they 
\i think 
\i0 is under there?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Can we make masks?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do they react?
\fs24 \

\fs28 Transgressive, ritualistic behaviour.
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Mythology
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone - How does the \'93great Man\'94 differ from ordinary man?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What would the first words be? A sneeze, \'93where is your face\'94, \'93who\'92s there\'94? Statement or question?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does Loss fit in with the world myth canon?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do they handle ancestors?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What does happen after death?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Heidegger - how does one become a being in the first place?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What is being is a worthy question. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Decay and being are very closely linked.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - A philosophy of decay.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - World disclosure - the Eremite has little reference for these objects, and the situations they are used in are wrong. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - It is almost as if the people of the town are playing as humans, just while he is there. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - But they are not aliens - are they constructs? They are other, but not alien. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - He needs to analyse the world, not as a background, but the town as an entity. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Reflective disclosure - he tries to restructure his world, but he is resistant to it. The world needs to shift, for a key to be turned and tumblers to fall, to understand where he is and what is needed to react appropriately to what he sees.\

\fs24 \

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The Town
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf0 \
- Where does the power come from?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do the missing buildings (and machinery) move, and run from him.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What do they drink from?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What is down the river? Do they go on a trip?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How many things need fixing in the town? Is this an impossible task?   
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What does the town use for cutlery and tableware? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Which trees and plants grow there? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What are the lives of the street cleaners like? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does the weather shape a people?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does geology form a landscape?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Have they found a way to exist without trade?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Who is the Apologist?\
\

\fs24 \

\fs28 - People interacting with the things of the bestiary more - or perhaps not? Subtly they never actually interact with them, only he does? Cannot bring himself to lie? But does this mean that they definitely exist? Do they ever talk to each other? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How are humans represented in their art?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How into astrology are they? And does this explain their preoccupation with the sky? 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Can we see how it looked before he was there? What he changed?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What are the dangers of walking around the town?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What structures are there?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Had missionaries come before?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Random death?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - cutlery are psychopomps\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The Widsith Institute
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \

\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone - How fractured are they?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How individual are they?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does the Institute control infection?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What happens when it goes wrong?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone - How does interaction occur, due to the quarantine?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What happens when you sympathise within the corporate structure?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do you cut down on dissent.
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Who are the management?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Why are they using disease?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Did they cause the bubonic plague?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - What are the ambassadors called?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Were they late to the web, and do they prefer to work within the physical realm?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - The ambassadors - how are they designed? What are their relationships to the sea?\
\

\fs24 \

\fs28 - Is there a form of \'93white man\'92s burden\'94? Does it come from Kipling. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does their office environment look?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How do they isolate employees?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - How does their insurance policy work? Is it backwards, that if you don\'92t die from a disease you recieve a payout?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Phantom teams and "phantom efficiency" - what are these people really doing?
\fs24 \

\fs28 - Where is his racism born from?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf0 Sea Org - training levels represent creation myth, naval terminology, \'93we come back\'94
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs28 There are a LOT of parallels between Scientology and the townspeople - how can we divorce it from this notion?
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs28 Folly Town - to represent agricultural values.
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs28 Built for something to do.
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs28 Their ruins are follies.
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs28 Their states reflect some message about them. 
\b0\fs24 \
\
}