{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\fs28 \cf2 - How can we make it clear that no everything is a ludographical puzzle, and that the writing, like with any novel or poem or narrative of any kind, contains its own mysteries that are not manipulable, but whose solution comes from one\'92s own mind, and has no haptic or visual feedback? Is this enough?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Browser compatibility will perhaps be an issue, and we need to keep this in mind.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- The question of \'93difficulty\'94 is a pertinent one. As a game there will of course be \'93solutions\'94, ways to use the content to further understanding and progression, and this is even more true when you attach the Miasma Content to the Office Content. But accessibility for something like this, with the additional audience that Random House will attract, is paramount. Obviously my writing is not \'93bestseller\'94 material, but I think the world is intriguing. I think that it should be very easy, in a game sense, to access the full narrative, if not understand it - the puzzles should be non-vital but still important. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Is this idea of \'93editing\'94 past content, and having version control, relying too heavily on the apparition of a \'93dedicated\'94 fanbase. This may be too complex, and may seem, especially for paying customers, a little too heavy-handed. I think it is something not for Version 1, but perhaps a later event or expansion.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Will the wiki be a problem to copyright and the story? I need to ask Alexis about this, given his experiences with Fallen London.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Will the text be rich, or plain, with the writing? Will it be copyable? As it is already free, my initial thought is \'93yes\'94, but will it allow people to collate things outside the game? If so, we need to make the collation within the game far better.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\b0\fs28 \cf2 - If everyone can unlock the content, the rewards within the game will be less remarkable for those who do do it. There will be no incentive to do it quickly. Time-based, or first-past-the-post-based puzzles could ensure that people want to do these things for themselves. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- We must have a complete narrative at launch - it must make sense, and relate to a sensible portion of the game, but with lots of non-frustrating loose ends.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- How do we gain maximum mileage out of these items without returning to them too often, which reduces the efficacy and impact?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- People often \'93under-react\'94 to events that occur in the plot - this should not happen, as it is incredibly annoying. They react inappropriately, as they are in a strange place and have a strange upbringing.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Wikipedia: should we create pages for the Institute and other elements of our game?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- What should we call the inventory? - Stationery
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Should qualities be hidden or open, or a combination of the two. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- How much should we integrate Facebook and Twitter
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Which social networks should we use?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- How do we make sharing more viable?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- How can we use repetition in the text in a decent way?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- How can Annotations work?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Archetypes - easier in Fallen London, can the work here?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Grind is so integral to this model. How can we minimise it? Do something five times, and interact with a piece of Miasma differently each time. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Why are they using disease?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Who are the management?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- What is the hierarchy?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Why are they collecting these narratives?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
 - A box formation, rather than a list?
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Qualities come across as confused as to type. Which are items, which a progress markers, which are personality traits. How can we make them more distinct. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Is HTML5 the right direction. It is still in the process of standardisation, and is not so good at high levels of technical performance, but sidesteps the fractured mobile market and makes one\'92s work accessible. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Do we really need all the buttons?\
\
- Most of the Insitute\'92s funds go into helping itself persist - why do so many people need to be 
\fs24 \
}