{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green117\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720

\f0\fs28 \cf2 - Come up with the logical puzzle system for the URLs.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Discuss sharing buttons for these pages. Do we make it obvious that these are part of the larger world. Corporate logos (FB, Twitter) would be a disconnect from the fiction, but we do not want to make it hard for these things to be shared. Perhaps we could integrate these logos into the fiction, create fictive logos or descriptions for sharing that does not disconnect. Are there general symbols for these services. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Make a full list (with sizes) of the Miasma Content.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Draft the EULA.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Come up with the dating systems.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Start designing the musical \'93box\'94.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Begin practising star maps (with oil paints)
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Start designing the coat of arms.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Start designing musical instruments (from the project at university).
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
-  Message everyone who is going to be a part of the
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Spend a day just 
\i listening 
\i0 to music, and making occasional notes
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Think about the name. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Come up with the designation system of the Institute
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Come up with Character Creation
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
- Work on Access Codes \
\
- Think of alternate titles and a long official title for Black Crown}