{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\cf1 qualities hidden}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 Not describing what they do - therefore how }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 do we make it exciting?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 What do we replace the grind with? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 (archivist option leads to outside forum }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 access)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 THis system is hard to write for, as it encourages grind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 Is this just a different style, however?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 Do we want things hidden on their own? Do we need the access codes to point}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 out where they might be useful. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 The repeatable tasks should be a smaller part, an optional grind }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 Rewards for being the first one to do things, or in the top portion. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 Incompetent bad as it continually punishes (and makes more likely) failure}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 Should it have a fringe benefit instead, or chances to completely reverse }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1 fortune?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Memes are more like a disease than anything else; they spread, and only change if they have to. Or do they? Would we say that there is a lot of invention here? }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Do we use the meme model to explain the spread of civilisation and new ideas through this incredibly tiny town. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 It is ludicrous, really; nothing this small could exist and support itself. But, for the Eremite, it stubbornly refuses to }{\f2\fs24\i1\cf1 not }{\f1\fs24\i0\cf1 exist. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\i0\cf1 The dating works strangely, and must be decoded. Is there a year zero? Does he use glyphs?  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\i0\cf1 What is the World view, here? One of stricture, dishonesty, secret, futile efforts}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\i0\cf1 The acceptance of decay}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\i0\cf1 Fermentation, febrility, dirt}}