{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf1 3D MODELS}
\par\plain \f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Unified Features}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 HIGH DETAIL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The quality of these should not be understated - they need to be objects of obsession for readers, especially readers who miss tactility and texture in their artistic lives lived online. They need to have geometry, and fluid operation, high pixels, refraction and reflection. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 TEXTURE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 This is separate from detail, and refers to the high density of these objects - they need to feel and look real, to them. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 MANIPULABILITY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Each object will be different, but they all have a degree of manipulability; they can be turned, rotated, altered in some way. Some may be puzzles of manipulability, like a Rubix cube or rhythm game, whilst, for others, the manipulability is there only to highlight their physicality. You can even combine items, and relate them to the Office content very closely.}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 ACCESS CODES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Many of these objects provide Access Codes - triggers which either offer a bonus to new players of the game (and directing them to sign up) or changing the state of something within an existing player\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s profile. These can be limited to a certain number of players, or used an infinite number of times as a recruitment tool. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 PUZZLES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 As mentioned above, these puzzles can be text-based, logic-based, manipulable, coded, hyperlinked, or many other forms. The unifying factor is that all pieces have layers of depth to uncover. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1}