{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 Features And Details}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Testicles hooked up to machines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 -  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, Go Smaller.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Make men into women}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Blood samples from animals}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Phantom heart}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\cf1 - }{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 The Anchoress}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - An anchorage with a squint - cells where they can view the work piecemeal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Being ill gives you the feeling of being inside yourself despite the world. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A name: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mamoet\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When they look at you they already know where all your organs are. They know what would happen if you died.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Protected by:}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Amber}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Storax}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Myrrh}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Cloves}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Laudanum}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Camphor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 Rose Petal}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 -\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Loss is odd in that it is a post-industrial society that does not wish to talk about itself.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs36\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\cf1 Storylet Ideas}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Olive, Cedar, Palm, Cyprus}{\f2\fs28\b0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Wireless Inoculation}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Piercing the skin is primitive. The Institute wishes to explore another avenue for inoculation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - This quest really asks what inoculation, on a biological and spiritual level, truly is, and what the Institute hopes to achieve by it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Polo\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Slave}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Marco Polo left a slave from the Tartars in his will - he is linked to the Institute, and becomes the focus of one of the quests.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 The Archetypal Story}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A player is presented with three archetypal stories, and must decide which one is right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - In other storylets, and the Miasma, a tune is played lightly in certain places. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - If the player goes to the Tarot Harp, they can play the tune, and the names of the strings used (and the order that they are used in) will tell them which story is correct.}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Musical Notation}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A piece of music is hidden within other Miasma Content, as well as the Office Content, in musical instrumentation; players who gather all the parts must post a video of the piece being played to win something, and unlock a new revelation for }{\f0\fs28\b0\ul\ulc0\cf1 all}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  players. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Insurance}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - If you survive your time at the Institute, you are paid - how can this be built into a storylet?}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 The Mouth Riddle}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Use the mouth riddle, where the number of teeth in the mouth relate to a cypher. The mention in the book of looking at teeth is a shortcut to anthropology. Something in the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://87303DB0-DC77-45A3-B26D-0274E1058E99"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 book}}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  is there as well, part of the puzzle that relates. The book is mentioned explicitly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fevered Nights\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - This is a quality that is related to a quest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 The Physicality Of Responsibility}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - How does always being physically ill effect their interactions? This is a question that can feed into several quests, involving love, sex, pain and disease in intensely human situations. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 White Man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Burden}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - This guilt sits at the centre of the Institute. Perhaps they only employ white people, and this cultural concentration is causing problems of inbreeding and decay.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Keep It All Clean}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - The OCD of someone who works in a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93clean\u8221\'94 room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Sam}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - Add Sam as a character. On his website, does it say that he has disappeared, for a short time?}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 The Giant Gas Mask}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - A gas mask for the entire country.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Move To Another Department}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1  - This is only temporary (perhaps at the end of the story arc), but would allow a player to move to a new department, in return for treachery, information, or perhaps personal sacrifice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 The Old Book}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Use a phrase from an old book that is very rare in a puzzle, so that players need to find it themselves.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Text Entry}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Must enter a passcode for this storylet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Usernames}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - Everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s username becomes a scrambled (or unscrambled) part of the narrative - email to: and from:}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 The Kuru}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 The Kuru are mentioned as part of a storylet. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1 The Keyboard}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf1 - An alternate keyboard where physical buttons pressed relate to other letters being pressed. This is part of a code that should be}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\cf1}