{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf1 INTERFACE}
\par\plain \f0\fs36\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Features}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Many Logins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Options are important with logins; people do not necessarily want to create another account, and another password, with every service they join. Therefore, though people can create a Black Crown account, they may also use an existing Storynexus account, a Google account, a Facebook or Twitter account. Whichever service they login with will automatically be used as their preferred method of contact. They can connect others if they wish, but must make a conscious effort to do so. This gives choice whilst limiting notification fatigue.   }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Notifications}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Features such as that of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Living Stories\u8217\'92 require notification. However, in a world where everything has a notification bell or chirrup, we must differentiate ourselves, by being both memorable and non-intrusive. In-character email messages are a start, but finding some way to not just remind the players but draw them in crucial. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Hyperlinking And Interconnectivity}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The Institute (or at least the login) is hyperlinked from the Miasma, but, in the reverse, there is a much richer web of links out from specific questlines to pieces of the Miasma, that utilise both the Miasma pieces themselves and the puzzles that are integrated into them to advance quests within the Institute; this has the additional benefit of allowing them to find those pieces of the Miasma that they may have missed. The ability to access other parts of the experience from your current location is one of the abilities that the medium has over any other. Linked essays, Wikipedia entries, websites and places of learning will also allow players to actually research their way through the game. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Nex}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The project will be linked to Storynexus, at least by ecosystem if not aesthetically. It will not use the orange bar, or be attached to any other storyworlds under the Storynexus umbrella. It will, however, use Nex, the currency of the Storynexus project. This is to allow very easy cross-compatibility by existing Storynexus users. I do wonder how this will affect the casual users, or non-gamers who are not used to virtual currency; they may prefer a paid-for app, or a subscription model. These can be investigated after launch, but at the start we wish to keep the experience free-to-play and very simple. I think that we will need to layout how Nex works for users who do wish to experiment. Virtual currency is a difficult thing to balance and seem fair (think of Microsoft Points) but done well they can work, I hope. }
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Files}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Cards do work in the Storynexus universe, but for Black Crown I think that files fit the aesthetic better, whilst functioning in almost the same way. They are compartmentalised experiences that have a random element, and this means that they can work on many different levels. We may complicate it with an inbox/outbox system, or something related to diseases (each disease rewarded should arrive via a vector in a file).}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Actions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Actions are an important concept, and should not be discarded in this game. They could be represented by a bitten-down pen, a petri dish, the lines of the Widsith\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s logo (which should be present on every screen already), a syringe, a declining graph, or another metaphor. The declining actions reinforce the central theme of decay, and topping up one\u8217\'92s actions could be compared (in-game) to revitalising oneself for the task ahead. }
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Qualities}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Qualities function in much the same way that they do in Fallen London - they represent markers of progress or setback, and may be in any conceivable form. This is a pleasing inversion of game theory, a very broad category, and useful for keeping track of a player\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s progress. However, I think the problem that remains with them is their representation in the flow of the game. One recieves a quality every time a branch in a storylet is resolved, and there are so many to keep track of it is hard to do so. Apart from important characters, items and ongoing stories, perhaps it would be best to move qualities to a profile tab, or larger area, where they can be perused at a later date. The sidebar would be a little more streamlined in such a case.    }
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Diseases}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 These are a key feature, separate from the inventory or qualities. They are displayed prominently in the sidebar for every character, perhaps in a sort of modular fashion.They increase abilities, unlock areas, and are general markers of progress and boasting. However, they are unique in that they make you more physically decrepit and disgusting, causing you a wild variety of effects. They are best to be thought of as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Featured Qualities\u8221\'94. The question now arises, however, as to whether we need qualities such as Stealth, Violence or any of those at all, or rather just simplify it into the diseases as the main qualities. Diseases should also interact with each other in a variety of different ways. .   }
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Factions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 There are many different departments and factions within the Insitute, and all of them vie for resources and power in what is essentially a flat structure. The players, when they sign-up, join the highest faction, but find it under threat from within and without. They interact with other factions, though they do not join them, and their relationships to those factions are controlled by the story.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Inventory}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Fallen London is a city of traders, where each player is a (usually) free agent gathering resources for their own plans. Black Crown, instead, takes place within a work environment, where the need for specialist tools are already catered for. The inventory, and opportunities to fill it, become a sort of stationery black market, for gathering items that would suit their side missions and plans. And, of course, the currency of the Institute is the pen. Players and employees, in the culture of the Institute, are hoarders because of the imminent change that is coming, the ascendancy. Not everyone is sure what it means, and whether it is a good thing, and their awareness of the transience of life as diseased things leads them to hoard, to bear witness to what will be lost to them soon.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Miasma Collection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Players of the game need a way to collate Miasma that they have found. This is a key advantage over not signing up at all, and is necessary to process the information contained within them, to make connections and draw conclusions. There needs to be a space where if a player visits a piece of Miasma while logged in, the API registers it and adds it to their \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93collection\u8221\'94 in the Institute, where they can move pieces around, visit them directly, and make notes directly on the collection. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf1}