{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red126\green0\blue33;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mr. Lights has gone now. I think that she is finally getting tired of the significance he puts into everything. Whenever I see them together, I feel as if I have just missed some glory, some point of utter importance and shining revelation that I come over all depressed, and look for the Easter Pills again.   \
\
He will not find his daughter at her home. She is out in the woods, going down to the river, not caring if I follow her or not, or so she tries to pretend. \
\
She almost, almost put a toe in it, yesterday, while I spread out under the \cf2 grillow\cf0  bush. She is ferociously interested in the 
\i Big Green Book Of Herbs
\i0 , and has made me drag it around almost every time we go out into the countryside. We sit and recite them together, while she gets closer and closer, and shakes her angry head at me \'96 she has seen how ridiculous it is, for an entire civilisation to be so afraid of water that they will not even drink it. The \cf2 beetroot\cf0  wine she had brought was disgusting; the stone jug was a parasite, leaking salt into it, and it was so weak, as if it had no time to ferment. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Even though I am very certain that she loves me, she will not tell me why it is such a taboo. I think of her now, as her pathetic father tries to find her. I am not sure if I started this process of slipping away, but I like to think so. I often like to be faster than nature. \u8232 \u8232 What has been my favourite time with her, of this week? It was not one of these walks, where she maintains her people's aversion to paths and tracks by hopping into and out of bowled rocks and hunked trees, but when she asked about the Quail, and how she could access him, and I told her all about him, how he quadrupled with the swell of not being able to tell 
\i anyone
\i0 , 
\i anything
\i0 , about his pain.\
\
She was furious that I did not ask her anything about her town. She asked to see my notes, and surprised me with her literacy, stepping inside the shade of the book's cover as a replacement for the cool of the water. \
\
He has gone completely now, and he is not heading down towards the canals, and the high apartments that tiptoe over them. I think he may have gone upriver, along the Broadwalk, to work. Nobody has died yet in the town, and so his position as gravedigger remains untested before me. I have Parlay's list of rituals in front of me, every day, and I am willing them to tick themselves off. \
\
Through the upturned legs of this tree, a horny beast stuck upon a pin, I can see the river, the moonlight pointillist off them like blackberries. Why will they not set foot in it? It is a well-known fact that civilisations congregate around rivers, and nobody who has ever gottn curious can doubt that the human body is a set of fiendish canals sphinctered with inadequate locks, both top and bottom. \
\
The men menstruating by the gate, before I had been allowed entrance into their town, sets me thinking; I have seen no ritual behaviour concerning girl's blood. They come and go through the village as they please, all of them wearing those purple smocks. It is such a padded subject, thick and membranous, that I cannot think that they could just ignore it. \cf3 Imagine\cf0 , for a moment, discovering that deep, thick betrayal of your body the first time! Perhaps when we had four legs, and we could just turn out necks enough to check our fundament for new constellations. Fundaments and firmaments.\
\
Now there are children running past underneath me in the darkness. It is some sort of rite, probably something important, probably something from Parlay's list, but I do not know what life event they are preparing for. All I know is that they are ignoring the missive of their elders; in the morning there will be tiny paths, which will need to be brushed back into wildness. \
\
When I ask the Mayor why, he merely says \'93We will not be here long.\'94\
}