{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red126\green0\blue33;\red128\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww12000\viewh14520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 <div class="section" id="section-main"> \
<b>C.C.N:</b> 
\b0 His Latitude, The Stars: Notes For A Mural<br/>
\b \
<b>Myiasis:</b> <span class="red">
\b0 \cf2 '''''\\\\\\\\.....'''''.'.'..////..''</span><br/>
\b \cf0 \
<b>Eremite:</b> <span class="red">
\b0 \cf2 ____</span>\cf0 The Miasma Eremite
\b <span class="red">
\b0 \cf2 ____</span><br/>
\b \cf0 \
<b>Trottering Notes:</b> <span class="red">
\b0 \cf3 ___\\</span>\cf0 Clerks!<span class="red">\cf3 //_/</span>
\b  
\b0 \cf0 Surviving <em>
\i membrana</em>
\i0  must never be bothered, or manhandled. It has been treated very badly throughout its existence. Leave it in peace. You have all done enough.<br/>
\b \
\
<b>Notes</b><br/>\
<p>\

\i\b0 \cf3 <span class="red">____</span><i>\cf0 Experto Crede</i><span class="red">\cf3 ____</span>
\i0\b \cf0 \
</p>\

\b0 <p>It has been an era since I have turned my hand to transcription, and it is never a happy day when that hand is forced. A Work that is dying, its intricacies blurring and ribboning, is a sadder thing than losing one's child, I <span class="red">\cf3 imagine</span>\cf0 . All that is left here to handle is a dog-ear, or perhaps the ring-finger, of what once was. There is little to identify its provenance, nothing of the <i>
\i caput</i>
\i0 , or the <i>
\i cor</i>
\i0 , only his latitude, the stars.</P>\
\
<p>It is lucky then, <span class="red">\cf3 ___\\</span>\cf0 clerks<span class="red">\cf3 //_/</span>\cf0 , that I am adapted to such calamities, and possess an Alexandrian memory. It must have been all the declensions that I was forced to learn. </p>\
\
<p>Can any of you, in your states, remember your parents?</p>\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <span class="red">SHHHHHHHHHHHHHH</span>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
<p>I do. I remember the day that Daddy sped off in the sidecar. It was not June, and so the rock-rose was bloody in the clints. Mummy and I followed in the wagon, across the virgate and down to the port, and watched him standing, on the deck of Mummy's ferry, shouting that he would 'knock up some Boche ponces', or some equally stupid Babel, translated on the wind. </p>\
\
<p>His sergeant brought back his wedding ring before Guy Fawkes Night. As Norris served him tea, he told us how twenty privates had tried to steal it from his pocket, as he zigged and zagged his way back to England through the trenches. I can see it so very clearly, the herringbone of his trousers, and the little cardboard box perched atop them. I loved that comparison; it looked a little like our house, stood in fertile fields.</p>\
\
<p>The sergeant opened the box, and took out, very carefully, twenty fingers, and laid them on the Pembroke table. Of course, none of them were Daddy's, and so we shooed the sergeant from our life. We fed the fingers to the pigs. </p>\
\
<p>It would pay all of you, <span class="red">\cf3 ___\\</span>\cf0 clerks<span class="red">\cf3 //_/</span>\cf0 , to practice. Remember the little things. What did they call the herbs and flowers, where you were from? What weather touched you?</p>\
\
<p>Exercises for another time. </p>\
\
<p>No matter how much I might remember of this Work, day after day after day we are losing more of what he was planning to say. This Work was a series of notations, for some grander, dreamt mural. I do wish that we had Uncle Oscar's writings here, and Praester's unshredded and sensible. Together, they might flare into so many of those trenches in my revision. </p>\
\
<p>Without the whole Work, for instance, we will never know what Friend was really like, as a person, or whether she did love him, as he so desperate to be loved. We will never know what became of the Bog Ponies, or whether the Town Cryer was a man or a woman or something else, or what it was that the Eremite did to Mr. Lights, in those lonely, ultimate days on the valley floor.</p>\
\
<p>What we have instead, left behind, is a quinquereme preparation, an <i>
\i itinerarium</i>
\i0  of travel out of Loss, a road diary a little more juvenile than most. Only one scrap of page remains; let us see quite how much of the rest I remember, from previous readings. It is puzzling; the rest of me is waning, planing down to the grain, but my mind stays as sharp as an <i>
\i ensis
\i0 </i>
\i .
\i0  I have not quite descended to the sty just yet.</p>\
\
<p>I think that I might know who I am.</p>\
\
<p>I cannot be expected to remember quite everything, <i>
\i veritas</i>
\i0 ;. The parts that I do remember I have put into order of pressure, as best I am able, and though I am no artist I have provided descriptions of the sketches and scenes that made a particular impression on my young mind. All stress is the Eremite's, not my own, though gaps may be in my own knowledge or in the record itself. </p>\
\
<p>Firstly, the <i>
\i contexte</i>
\i0 . It seems that the Eremite was by now already on the long road out of Loss, the caprine, darting track plotted in the stars and the breadcrumbs of himself, trudging in the other direction all that time before. We may assume, from the notes that he made on each day of his journey, that he was finding it hard to delude himself any longer. His guilt at the death of Loss, at the dousing of an entire folk, is so impregnated throughout. Look at the records of his breath, recorded every evening. We can <span class="red">\cf3 imagine</span>\cf0  that he did not sleep much. Nor was there any reason to hide these records; he was so assured of his companion's illiteracy that he knew that his crimes would never be understood. What were thirty-nine scratches, every single day, to a Friend?</p>\
\
<p>The records of breath do confirm one of the Eremite's virtues; throughout his entire life, no matter his dimension, he was extremely regular in every faculty. Look to the tabulations and calculations throughout <i>
\i The Underweather Vanity
\i0 </i>. He has even boasted, in other Works, of cults marking their festivals by his toilet. And indeed, the breaths here do form a calendar; thirty nine, without fail, in and out, every single day. </p>\
\
<p>However, as you all should have been taught, every calendar has its leap. There was one such energetic day, in Loss, a hot day when he was unsated by the cooking of the very worst cook, and decided to eat from a different sort of plate.</p>\
\
<p>The Eremite has made no secret in the record that he wanted Friend, in that childish way that we have all come to recognise. I thought that I might have to puzzle it out, this calamity that murdered a public, but he was almost triumphant in his blatancy.</p>\
\
<p>On the day that he removed his mask and kissed her, he registered only thirty breaths, in and out of his tubes.</p>\
\
<p>Nine is not an important number, in any theology that I know of, but he would spend the rest of his time in Loss fixated upon those lost breaths, trying not to accuse himself. <i>
\i I feel well
\i0 </i>, we can <span class="red">\cf3 imagine</span>\cf0  him telling himself, <i>
\i there is nothing wrong with me
\i0 </i>, as they moaned through the dirt all around him. He was always so excellent at <span class="red">\cf3 imagining</span>\cf0  other outcomes and other blames. Perhaps he might have blamed Friend for distracting him, for making him lose count that day, for some atmospheric disturbance, the influence of spirits, anything, but his own want. </p>\
\
<p>You can just <span class="red">\cf3 imagine</span>\cf0  him, can't you, boygirls, on the road, checking her from temple to temple, looking for any sort of mantle, probing her mouth with those incredible fingers, hunting for cobblestones. He would even check her back, for the bruises that the rest of her people developed, evidence, he thought, of flagellation. </p>\
\
<p>But, of course, he would find nothing on her, and so reinforce his delusion that he had not infected them. She did not wear a black crown, and so he enthroned her in other ways, certain of his innocence. If she was well, the only one who had smelt his breath in a hundred years, then he could not be accused.</p>\
\
<p>But who was there still to accuse him? </p>\
\
<p>The pigs, for all their lack of discernment, did teach me something as a girl. I often found them very gross, and would stand at the edge of the sty after school, shouting my subjunctives in and listening for the screams back.</p>\
\
<p>Mummy and Daddy showed me, however, how the beasts could be used as a barometer. About five times in my infanthood a plague would pass through the herd, and they were loath to cull the whole lot. And so they would quietly walk amongst them, wearing homemade masks out of sack and snorkel, and make an inspection. They would ignore the sows turning out cold paste instead of milk, ignore the backfatters grinding their teeth into flour, ignore the boars corning each other in blind rages. </p>\
\
<p>Before long, they would find the happiest pig, the one without sores or mucus, and lead it off to be shot, far from any watercourse.</p>\
<div class="section" id="poem"><center>\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 \
<span class="red">HMMMMMMMMMMMM</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
THE WIDSITH INSTITUTE\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
<i>
\i IAM ADVEHO VERUM, DEUS, VERUM ADVEHO IAM
\i0 </i>\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 LOST <i>
\i TESTA
\i0 </i> PRESERVATION COMMITTEE\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
THE UNDERWEATHER VANITY\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
SHARD: HIS LATITUDE, THE STARS\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
TRANSCRIBER:\cf2 <span class="red">\cf0  \cf2 ____</span>\cf0 Clerk\cf2 <span class="red">____</span>\cf0  Chester-Stokes\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf2 <span class="red">TRANSCRIPT INCIPIT\cf3 </span><br/>\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <br/>\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b>AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
i think i mite hate her today \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
was fingerprints on luggage again <span class="red">\cf3 [\'85]</span>\cf0  everywhere, all along seam<span class="red">\cf3 [s]</span>\cf0  \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
what she been looking for\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[...]</span>\cf0 met river again today \'96 even this far from Loss, is happy to see us, leaping and enjoining \'96----> neither of us in mood to play \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
flow was swift and free up here and younger\'96> as if had left some sort of schooling.\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[I think that there was a sort of map here, a vernacular pastoral of a gully.]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
wish that I could tell it \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
how albino it will <span class="red">\cf3 [\'85]</span> \cf0 become lower in life, \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
downstream, badger-rippled with ash and lipids\cf3 <br/>\
<span class="red">NNNNNNNN</span><br/>\
<br/>\
<span class="red">[I remember now that the previous entry was almost perpendicular to the page, and the kick of the last N became a sketch of an astronavigation. The lines of the constellations were curbed, sidewinding. He was lost.]</span><br/>\
<br/>\
\cf0 friend is angry\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 i try and hide it from and its slowing us down, \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
but she knows that were taking a route\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
its so against her sensibilities\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[This was a separate entry, I believe, furcated from the previous. An evening reflection, as if he were a great poet.]</span><br/>\
<br/>\
\cf0 no town crying tonight \'96> either we have passed too far\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
or dead as well \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
or finally sl<span class="red">\cf3 [...]</span>\cf0 eepin \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
ther is nothing good on\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[It ended abruptly, without reason, with no good thoughts.]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b>AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
6933 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \

\b0 today an enormous day \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 we found Jenny again where I left her\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
Can plot my absenc<span class="red">\cf3 [...]</span>\cf0  by the season<span class="red">\cf3 [...]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
fall,rot,bud,grow(size of globe),fall,rot,bud\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
now fruit the size of head ---> she covered in groth<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span><br/>\cf0 \
wonder if anybody else been this way\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 seen hercoveted her\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
friend taking <span class="red">\cf3 [\'85]</span>\cf0  like to her, might help clean her\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[I remember a checklist here, in the margins, of various valves and dials and springs and screws. It was counter-checked several times. The list was boring. I am no engineer, either; vulpine, not taurine.]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b><u>\ul EXERCISE</u>\ulnone </b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
imagine what kind of woman Jenny might been\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
friend silent on matter, but i know that is thinking\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
Tired <span class="red">\cf3 [...]</span>\cf0  but good day \'96 Jenny here, so\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 been whispering to her through night\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
and tell friend its tinnitus\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
great trick\cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \

\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
<b>AAAAAAAA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
4998 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \

\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \

\b0 <i>
\i pinae
\i0 </i> thinning\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
starting to see fleets of <i>
\i navis longae
\i0 </i> \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[There was a drawing here, I remember, of no great art or imagination; it depicted a tree with sails in place of leaves.]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 one great foliage of oak but they drift amongst the slate meadows, while we are sleeping\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[A 
\i lacunae
\i0 .]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
about to enter a great mobile wood of them now\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 glide past one another, churning up the dirt\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 and can see those curious rodents living in their crowns\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[I cannot remember what came directly after this; I was so astounded that he could note down the word 'crown' quite so easily.]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
morning ---> pinae have gone ----> the <i>
\i navis
\i0 </i> have taken to Friend\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
had to chop her free from a bole of them that had anchored all about\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
rodents chittering\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
they may move at night, but at least they do not ravage\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
are absolutely platonic\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
thank <span class="red">\cf3 [...]</span>\cf0  the <i>
\i pinae
\i0 </i> are gone\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0  ate dinner around diplomat\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
will not look at me, after the <i>
\i navis
\i0 </i> they upset her\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 but will not light a fire, not even to delight her \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 cannot remember, passing this way before\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 winding into loss, what beasts come to flames\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
diplomat is plenty hot enoguh<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span><br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 despite heat, still hates it ----> she disappears off into the streets of luggage\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
a failure\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 she told me <span class="red">\cf3 [...]</span>\cf0  ago\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 that she did nott<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span>\cf0  think that I was god \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
the day men and girls came to see in my luggage \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
was not scaredd<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span><br/>\cf0 \
beneath father's cloak\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
was scared of the diplomat though \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
she <span class="red">\cf3 [\'85]</span> \cf0 it\cf3  \cf0 looked for all the world \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
like a chest of water, that I had carved \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
to drown them in like they were fish for a pie\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 remember us laughing at how she had hated me \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
on that first day and how she then luvd<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span>\cf0   me\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I think thats how its said, in english \'96 \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
parlay said that luv<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span>\cf0   <i>
\i 'was a treat for the 
\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \
mouth in any language, always devoid of fricatives'
\i0 </i>\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
we only say it to give our teeth a rest\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I disagree, for once\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I luv<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span>\cf0  her even when she rolls in dust \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
thinking that is what clean is\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\i0\b \cf0 <b><u>\ul CONCLUSION</u>\ulnone </b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 I do have more in common with thee gods\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 she is barely a speices<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b>AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
4621 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \

\b0 today was day I thought to ask what mother was like<span class="red">\cf3 [...]</span><br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\i0\b \cf0 <b>AAA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
4522 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\i\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\i0\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\i\b \cf0 \

\i0\b0 hiked the shores of a botulate of hanging lakes today\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
don't remember them at all from journey innwerds<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span><br/>\cf0 \
but the ground all flattened here so\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b><u>\ul CONCLUSION</u>\ulnone </b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 when normal people walk in own footsteps \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
or footsteps of others a psychosomatic response is felt \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
a feeling closest to being a king -----> path is an affirmation \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
that one existed in the past -----> in making yourself your \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
own quarry -----> something to be reclaimed\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 she still won't walk in straight line\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 look up \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
or stop retching just to annoy\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
at least is washing now at the lake edge\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 i'm just watching her thumb her knobs \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 it keeps her lively and awake\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
the hills all around us are barren but so incandescent\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
a little rockfall \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 nothing\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 i do not know how to make her luv<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span>\cf0  me again\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\i0\b \cf0 <b><u>\ul STRATAGEM</u>\ulnone </b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 tell her where I found lantern's corpse, on that last day\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
unburnt? That something had scavenged her hair?\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
could have her instead as she has asked me, \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
begged me in whatever manner \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
she thinks that it will happen\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
we haven't set up a <span class="red">\cf3 [\'85]</span>\cf0  formally for her \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
to tell me quite how old she is\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 shud stop the inspections\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
they are not finding anything\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
not sure what hoped to find under smock\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 should stop using the stick \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 just fuckin<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span>\cf0  touch her\cf3 <br/>\
<br/>\
<span class="red">[I remember, here, how angry he was getting; it was just a mite funny. There were all sorts of amateurish calculations, relating to men and women, and the results seemed to favour the \cf0 <i>
\i \cf3 vir
\i0 \cf0 </i>\cf3 , but to what end I was never sure. But, it is clear from all of this, from everything that comes afterwards, that in his mind he was escaping back to Ring-In-Opal, where he had wintered before this dreadful young woman had even been born.]</span> <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b>AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
3999 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \

\b0 know that promised would not dram and none of this been a dream at all\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 promise \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
but last night I dreamt of a fish\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
<i>
\i mercenaria mercenaria
\i0 </i>\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 was a noble beast, when I met it, but all this hunger now\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 is making me impolite; am imagining it steamed with butter\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
it brought me to \cf3 <br/>\
<br/>\
<span class="red">[A\cf0 <i>\cf3  
\i lacunae
\i0 \cf0 </i>\cf3 .]</span><br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 Ring-In-Opal, on the red tide. It was a pleasant journey with the Lord Quahog, most royal of his kind, and he let me touch the crown jewels nestled in his bivalve. I can almost taste the jacuzzi of blood that I sat in, reclining on his anus. It was too cold for algae, so we motored through the floes, up to the boundary of Ring-In-Opal itself, two slabs of bull ice\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I remember the mist coiling off them with envy \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
is so hot here today\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
all the suns have followed me\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 a fold of them in the SSS \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
i sent her on ahead instead\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 gave the smaller luggage\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
telling to meet me in two days\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
she will not get far\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
she is sik\cf3 <span class="red">[sic]</span>\cf0  with an empty belly\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 but not homesick one bit\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I think shes forgotten about them all already\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
i can think clearly now, with her gone \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 I can spend the day in Ring-In-Opal\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I had long since said farewell to Lord Quahog, and been amongst them for many days, before I met Whale-bane. He considered himself a bard, and though he was not much of a singer, just a boy in a fine coat, all he did was pluck. He knew gut very well. They all did, in Ring-In-Opal. \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
They liked me there.\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I remember, floating over the diplomat behind me on swim bladders - they loved that, too, it was all the more ice, all the more territory, for them. There was not a horse chestnut for leagues, but it didn't matter\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
Every day, before he found the courage to introduce himself, he watched me from his berg, the skins drawn around his waist, brown walrus, or was it white?\
I saw the tusks above his bed\cf3 <br/>\
<br/>\
<span class="red">[[A large 
\i lacunae
\i0 .]]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
every morning i have unpacked large Parlayware table \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
and chairs from Dunnage #67\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 to simulate breakfast, but she has always refused to sit on them\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
Ring-In-Opal, as a civilisation, did not have chairs either, but unlike Friend they were fascinated by them. Whale-bane, especially, could not quite decipher their purpose. I laughed too harshly, when he first tried to sit down; with those swimmer's thighs, he just wailed and wailed and fell onto the ice\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I can see him, now, flailing and flirting. When his brothers got him up, it took off a layer of skin, leaving behind a tattered memoir of our day together\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I remember now, I remember, I never finished his Work\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I never found the time\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b>AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
3687 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
lesson went well\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
climbed into the tent last night, without a word, when rain started\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
nose and chin and little breasts and barely imagined pelt \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
were pressed up against some of my things as well\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
we were all proximal\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
she refused to shiver, even though I rolled over and over\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[Some dreadful calculations, I seem to recall.]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
there will not be any room for her tonight, \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
my head getting bigger \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
the moon is changing
\b <span class="red">
\b0 \cf3 [...]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
the wound on my leg is festering \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
she is swooning at the smell\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
we will not be walking \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
for another month or so\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
even that gangrene reminds \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
of Whale-bane and his ppl\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
Their genitals would often go mouldy, with infection. The piercings they made were always dirty, no matter how they applied icewater.\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 If an wen<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span>\cf0  I write this up, I must endeavour not to forget how crackingly brutal I feel\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 back, for moment  \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
wild beetroot here a little way into the forest's scrub\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
she is happy\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[[A <i>
\i lacunae</i> 
\i0 of just as many months. There was little intelligent conversation; Friend, it seems, was going Wodwo.]]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b>AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
3451 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \

\b0 as I have promised you I only dream in the day\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
the night is not nothing\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 the heat  becoming unbearable  \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
there were <span class="red">\cf3 [\'85]</span>\cf0  suns, in consolation, scalding the sap out of trees\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
so I sat in alpine water and did not care about her\cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \

\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \

\b0 I dreamt again of Whale-bane, of Ring-In-Opal, of being back amongst his people. I dreamt of the afternoon that they took me to their Mint. Whale-Bane himself led the hunt for the gold; he was the elegance of his people, and I can imagine him now, standing in his furs on the prow of a particularly grand berg, harpoon in hand, his cock tanned with circulation despite the blizzard \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 they spotted a pod, a few miles out, and diving like snakes, like dragons, into the white-capped waves, before long they brought the corpses ashore, a calf and its mother, and out of the groins, the mother's the size of a doorway, they pulled a pair of golden rings. Whale-bane had made the kill, and so he took the rings, currency pierced there by his grandfathers and great-grandfathers, for safekeeping, and spent them as inheritance.\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
One passed to me, the other to his brother, as a debt paid. \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I danced and skidded with my handsome Whale-bane on the snow while the corpses of the fish were slid into the water behind us. I would not stay for his brother's piercing, and I was afraid that they would do the same to me.\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I asked him that night if they ever ate whale, and he laughed that jackal laugh of his, him who had never seen something with more than two legs, and said\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\i \cf0 you cannot eat money
\i0 \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b>AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
2788 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \

\b0 her mind is off its lead\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
last night she had a moment where she thought she knew what had happened between me and her father\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
She had made all of the decisions, and thinks that she knew what I had done to him\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
she did not cry but came up to me very sweetly and very simply \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
tried to lie me down \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
there was some violence\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 how pathetic it must have all looked from above\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I feel so sorry for shouting her off\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I luv her but I don't want to die\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[A 
\i lacunae
\i0 .]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
where has she gone\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
it is very late\cf3 <br/>\
<br/>\
<span class="red">[A new page.]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I remember Whale-bane coming up behind me like that. I was stood at the edge of the ice cliffs, long after everybody else had fallen asleep drunk\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
He put an arm around me, and told me that it was terrible luck to make toilet into the sea.\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
my little Bead Of Piss\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b>AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
1997 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 <u>a little theory</u>\cf3 \ulnone <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[I think that there was a page of \cf0 <i>
\i \cf3 hypergraphia
\i0 \cf0 </i>\cf3  here, as he tried to make his ink flow.]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
their jaws ----> complaints of aches ----> wisdom teeth\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
brows ----> no bruises \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 safe\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
but then the\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
I thought that children were beaten mercilessly\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
some transgression\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
for talking to me\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 for making paths\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 for getting wet\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
some other unspoken\cf3 <br/>\cf0  \
abomination\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
but then saw the bruises\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
on the backs of the elders and thought\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 who is beating the beaters\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
nobody was beating anybody\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
would require them to touch\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
Loss was a town bereft of mounts\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
apart from the children on their bog ponies\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
not one of them could bear to straddle\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
another animal\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
no, the crown was not upon their heads\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 it was a black saddle on their backs\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
the gods were riding them hard like rubes squealing\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
The gods had ridden them\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b>AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
1986 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
was crying today, and clawing at her tears\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[A 
\i lacunae
\i0 .]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
what are these ruins\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
were not here before\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
a settling has come and gone\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 I have not been in Loss that long\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
whoever they were\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
  paved a road here straight\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b>AA
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
1950 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
what rubbings on my cloak\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
what sodden thoughts\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 <b>A
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
1925 Torr
\b0 \cf3 <br/>
\b \cf0 \
 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII</b>
\b0 \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
today, if can pull out of her fugue\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
and stagger more than twenty miles\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
will be getting very close\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
Now were coming to the sea\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
must teach Friend the Prima\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
found it a few days ago\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 and just want her to get used to holding it\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
she likes the brass\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
she makes stupid questions\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 but I think it might be 'what are monsters'\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
find myself strangely bereft\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
land opening up in this afternoon's walking\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 not so mazey and stultifying\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
does not like the open spaces\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 the road so well-maintained here close to the coast\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
is angry at me that I find it so easy\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 that I do not buck in the wind,\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
that I do not puff and complain \cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
have been so SHHHHHH about my stagecraft\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
did tell her how much I held my breath for her\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
didnt tell her how I had crief<span class="red">\cf3 [sic]</span>\cf0  for her, when I thought\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
that she was dead, in the catafalque yard\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
havent even asked her for another kiss\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
what a bizarre proposal now\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
why use a mouth\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">[A 
\i lacunae
\i0 .]</span><br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
weve stopped\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
She doesn't really understand me\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
She just standing there\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
screaming me to get up\cf3 <br/>\cf0  \
all day\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
until polyps grow\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 ungrateful for the rescue\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 from the plague\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 from the life\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 from the father\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
do not mind\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
 We are nearly, nearly homeward bound\cf3 <br/>\cf0  \
thinking about whalebone and really\cf3 <br/>\cf0  \
 smell the sea now\cf3 <br/>\cf0  \
even through kerchief\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
and what was it that Parlay said\cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 <i><strike>
\i \strike \strikec0 all of the lovely
\i0 \cf3 \strike0\striked0 <br/>
\i \cf0 \strike \strikec0 \

\i0 \cf3 \strike0\striked0 <br/>
\i \cf0 \strike \strikec0 \
all of the beuatiful were
\i0 \cf3 \strike0\striked0 <br/>
\i \cf0 \strike \strikec0 \

\i0 \cf3 \strike0\striked0 <br/>
\i \cf0 \strike \strikec0 \
all of the beatific moved across Ileum</strike>
\i0 \cf3 \strike0\striked0 <br/>
\i \cf0 \

\i0 \cf3 <br/>
\i \cf0 \
'All of the beautiful died at Troy.'
\i0  </i>\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <br/>\cf0 \
\cf3 <span class="red">TRANSCRIPT DESINIT</span></center></div><br/>\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}